Well, everyone got up and going this morning.  It's still raining, but that's okay with me.  Sort of suits my mood.  I could easily have stayed home in bed with my book and the cats.  This has been a lot of rain though!  People have wet basements, there are lakes where there should be golf courses and fields, everything is green, green, green.  But, it is supposed to be 26 degrees by Friday, so we'll be dealing with mosquitos next week.  I heard Winnipeg described as an "Old Testament" city on  urlLink CBC Radio One  last week and it sort of rings true.  Floods, infestations, etc., etc..My four-year old never stops talking.  She'll say "Mom?" and when I say "Yes?", she'll say "Ummm.... ummm... oh yeah.  Where do lady bugs hide in the rain?"  Anything to hear her own voice. Very, very exhausting.    Now I remember!  This is why I go to work!   *Sigh*Actually it's not raining yet, but I bought 15 tickets to the  urlLink Goldeyes  game for my Mom's birthday tonight, and it is supposed to rain.  Do they cancel baseball games because of rain?  Although the ballpark is beautiful, it ain't the  urlLink SkyDome .  We used to go to the Jays games occassionally when we lived in Toronto and really like taking the kids to the Goldeyes games now.  I don't know what  urlLink Blue Jays  tickets cost now, but I'm sure it's cheaper here in Winnipeg.  Oh, I just checked and it  definitely  is!Ha! Just set up my RSS feed - that is so easy!  Why doesn't everyone do it?  Enough for today.  The sun is shining and I should be outside planting my poor flowers (that have spent far too long in their pots) but I have 3 kindergartners and a preschooler who are refusing to go outside.  Little gameboy junkies...  I should talk!  Last post today, I promise.Oh, which just reminded me, we were talking about canning food at coffee break this morning.  Is this becoming a lost art?  Are there any people under 40 who know how to do this?  Those of us at coffee that fall in that age range couldn't.  What would happen if the world as we know it ceased to exist (a la  urlLink Day After Tomorrow  which is only being released today and I can't wait to see - I love a good escapist picture with lots of special effects) and we had to preserve our food somehow?  Well, we in Canada definitely would need to preserve our food.  I found lots of sites on canning, including  urlLink this one , but I guess that wouldn't help me much if everything went. Better print it out and keep it just in case!I've tried starting blog after blog and it just never feels right.  Then I read today that it feels strange to most people, but the more you do it the better it gets (hmm, sounds suspiciously like something else!) so I decided to give it another try.    My husband bought me a notepad at  urlLink McNally  (the best bookstore in Western Canada) with that title and a picture of a 50s housewife grinning desperately.  Each page has something funny like "New curtains!  Hurrah!".  For some reason it struck me as absolutely hilarious and has stuck in my head ever since.  What were those women thinking?My 20th high school  urlLink reunion  is this weekend.  There are over 100 people coming, so it should be a good time.  Lots of names from the past.  Funny, I barely ever run into anyone, and yet a lot are still in the city.We always have pizza on Friday nights.  It takes the stress out of "what am I going to make for dinner" and the kids look forward to it.  In fact, many of their friends look forward to it too!  But tonight we are having a family gathering at my mom's and I've offered to make pizza for all the kids.  So I've been madly making dough in my breadmaker (which is very easy but still needs to be done) and freezing it.  Now I have to go home and cut vegetables for the vegetarian cousins' pizzas and grate a huge amount of cheese.  Then I'll have to cart it all over to my mom's without wrecking the crusts.   It is not the usual relaxing Friday night, but this hasn't been a relaxed week at all.Okay, I saw it this past weekend.  Not as good as Independence Day for sure.  Better than Raising Helen which I also saw.  Yes, two movies in one weekend!  One was with book club, and one was with my husband since we hadn't been out together forever.  Guess which was with whom...I've been cataloguing film scripts at work.  What fun!  I have to look a lot of the writers up on the  urlLink IMDB .  What a great database!  I read somewhere that there were lots of mistakes in there, but given the absolutely huge amount of information, it is bound to happen.  And everything links!  I love it.  Library catalogues should be so good.    Best of all is getting a little sneak peek into people's lives.  Just enough to get your imagination going...Paul Martin promised today that if he is elected he will create 250,000 new affordable child care spaces.  I think they promised something like that last time around too.  But if they really want to do something for working women, they should make it easier for women to work and be with their families.  An affordable child care space would be helpful, but I want to spend more time with my children, so I need more flexible working arrangements.  Instead of a year's maternity leave, what if they made it mandatory for employers to allow women five years of part-time work.  If we worked at least 50% they should have to hold our jobs for us.  I think that would appeal to a lot of moms.  And then there would be a lot of part-time child care spaces too, which are  impossible  to find right now.    Yes, I'm still pondering quitting my job.  It seems to me to be ineveitable now... just a question of when.No, I still haven't seen it, but apparently it is  urlLink not so good   unless  you are a librarian.  Ha!  I am!Well, it's over!  It was good to see so many people.  Most haven't changed much, but some have changed a great deal.  Funny how things that were important in high school no longer are.    Anyway, it is over and I'm glad.  I was very, very tired all week and am glad that I had 4 days off to snooze a bit.
new file
Yeah, sorry for not writing for a whole there, but I've had a pretty busy weekend so far. I found out I have about 20 tests on Tuesday because my teachers are evil...but oh well. We had marching yesterday. It was cool. We stayed inside the whole time, and I got to play second part, so the music part will be really easy. I left early from marching at around 5:00, then went out to dinner with my friends (I made the plans before I knew about marching). So, dinner was fun. It was Kelly's birthday, so it was cool. Then we went to Kel's for a sleepover, and did bunches of neat stuff, and I went to sleep earlier than usual for a sleepover since I had to be at a Bar Mitzvah this morning. It was pretty neat. I have to do this project for CR, and we have to go to two different places of worship than our own. So, one is obviously a Jewish synagogue, and I think I'm going to go to a mosque for my other one, but who knows...so, this has been my only chance to write, and I actually have to go now, so I'll write more later...maybe.  *Ya di amore*Yeah, so today was ok, late arrival. I'm not in the mood to write much, so..I probably will end up writing a ton. I always end up doing that when I say I don't want to write much. Nothing interesting happened in any of my classes, and I only talked with a couple of good people including, "You know who"...except, you don't know who, "You know who," is. Oh well, no one reads this thing anyway. I made it to the top of the rock climbing wall today. Kelly and I intend to conquer the whole wall. It'll be fun. Jazz was good fun as always...heh, and that's really it. Have a lovely evening everyone, and I am off to sleepyland. (I actually didn't write a lot. I'm shocked.)  *Ya di Amore*Yay, Tuesday...no longer Monday! Whoopie! Plus...late arrival tomorrow which is always good...except, we've only had it once, so yeah...I'll shut up now. Anyway, my day was ok. I sat alone on the bus again! Yay, go being alone on the bus! Umm, I didn't get to finish my EPVM homework before school because Mr. A wouldn't let us in. What a poopeyhead. Anyway, yeah, I ended up just reading  There Are No Children Here . Great book, I'd suggest reading it. Depressing though. So, when we finally got in there, I was like, "All right! I still have time to do homework," but then Nathan's like, "We're still having sectionals." Now you see, we have four people in our trumpet section for jazz because one quit, and one of the kids in the section didn't show up, so our sectional consisted of Nathan, Tom, and I just playing randomly. Oh fun! Nathan kind of forgot to give Alstadt his keys back after opening one of the practice rooms, and took them to math with him. I had to go find him, and get the keys from him. His math teacher kind of glared at me, but oh well. At least I missed warming up in WE. So, yeah, I tried doing the homework in WE, but of course there was Dan, Dave, Peter, and Don being mean...shock shock. At least Matt's a nice kid. So, we played this song in WE (Wow, we played music in music class, woo!) and there was this one part that only 3rd and 4th trumpet play, and I was trying to play it right, but Dan was playing it wrong, and he was sitting next to me, so it's hard not to go with what he's doing.. So...we probably both messed up, and it just didn't combine well, but of course...I was the one who got yelled at for it. Oh well. I'll seek revenge on them someday. We talked about transposing in Music Theory, fun stuff, and they actually said that I'm too hard on myself. I thnk I'm not hard enough on myself. Moving along...EPVM (Nap time!) we talked about past tense, and whatnot. Very boring stuff. Umm, gym...heh, whoops, forgot gym shoes, oh well, it happens. So, I read all period. Math...ok, I was determined not to answer. I don't like answering in that class...but, most of my class...arg...dumb as rocks. It's really obnoxious. I'm not saying I'm an Einstein, but really people...so, I was finally forced to succumb to the evil math devil, and I answered. My math teacher is...well, to say the least a bit boring. Mr. Madsen...eek. Even the name is boring. Oh well...umm, lunch..watched Kelly beat Brett at chess...It was interesting. Comparative Religions was good as usual, and science was...boring, as usual. Talking to Alex and Joanne now.They're really cool kids. Alex put me in his profile...he's back on my nice list. :) Anyway...jazz after school was interesting, but gosh darnit!! I am SO bad at improv Why? I'm probably making it a lot harder than it should be, but...I'm just not the most outgoing person when it comes to playing my trumpet. I was told by a clarinet player that I have a small head, and you know good trumpet players. They all have really big heads, that of course meaning egos. So...possibly I just should have picked flute. Oh well...we just found out we're supposed to have jazz combo on Tuesday's. I had no idea, and already had plans I couldn't cancel, so...now I feel awful for leaving them. Sorry guys...but yeah, I ate dinner, had a lesson, and now here I am...pondering the meaning of life...no not really, but oh well. Nothing more to write now, possibly more later....possibly... ~Ya di amore~RAR!Thought- OK...so, I'm all for midgets and whatnot. I'm not all, "down with midgets," but really, don't you think it'd be rude to say, "Up with midgets?"  ~Ya di amore~Yeah, so it's later. My parents found something constructive for me to do...clean. Grrr, why do parents always think of that constructive crap? It's really obnoxious. I'm sitting here enjoyig my time of peace, no homework, and listening to jazz...and all of a sudden, "Hey catie, go clean." So, I say what I always say, "Yeah sure, fine, I'll clean." (Of course I almost never do this,) except..the problem was, my mom came upstairs, and asked me all nicely and whatnot to clean with that momly voice that makes you feel really guilty. and so I trudge downstairs get the cleaning stuff, and clean the bathroom. Bleh! I can't stand cleaning. I think I should be a gold digger, and marry a rich guy so I can have a cleaning lady, and so I can hire a cook to make me peanut butter sandwiches all the time, and then when I get super duper fat, and this guy wants a divorce, it'll all be good, because I won't have signed a prenuptial agreement. So I'll still get half the assets. Now of course, I'll have to become a witch first in order to make a rich guy, or any guy for that matter marry me. But see...now you all know my plan, so I'll have to come up with a new plan. Oh well. Anyway, I really have nothing to write, but I'm not in the mood to talk to anyone, so I'm just writing. I wish I could go to the park. It's my favorite place in the world. I bring my mini disc thing-a-ma-bobber, and go on the swings, and think and swing at the same time. It really is a fantastic place to go when you need to be alone, and think about stuff...except when the little kids come, and they look at you like you're frankenstein because you're a big kid on a swing...so, they're all afraid to get onto that other swing. It drives them crazy, because I usually stay there for an hour or so. I love little kids. They make me laugh. :) Anyway, I've bored you enough, so I shall write more at some later time.  ~Ya di amore~Yeah, so this is just a place for me to vent about my, "oh so horrible life in my bubble town." Sarcasm really is wasted online most of the time. I don't know why I bother with it. It either sounds like I'm a mean horrible person, or I'm serious. Oh well, anyway, today was surprisingly good for a Monday. I got a pretty good night of sleep last night, and actually did my homework. Went to school, sadly on the bus...but at least I got to sit alone. Why sit alone you ask? It's my only time to have, "Alone time,"  and I had my trumpet with me, so that kind of gets in the way. Anyway, I got to school, and of course said hello to everyone. Brandon was at least feeling a little better today which is good...except for the story that went along with it, which involved him, and ceramic (he, of course did not say that as politely.) Anyway, that was good. Carson came by to see me, and check on this alleged new mitten policy, and she wears mittens in school all the time, so of course she was upset. I made the rounds with her after that, saw cute Jake, a girl from Speech Team, and some other folks. The six minute bell didn't ring so I was a bit late getting to Wind Ensemble. Meh, it's ok. My trumpet section is crazy anyway. We were supposed to be doing sectionals, but that didn't exactly happen...we sort of got yelled at by A. I played my music theory composition (which was horrid)  but I'm glad I got it over with. Mrs. Kane yelled at us about our Lit Analysis papers...no F's but some D's...that'll be me. Anyway, rock climbing in gym today! Yay! It was super fun. I just want to do more of it. Ummm, then the rest of my day was even more uneventful than the first half, but I actually have no homework, so what am I supposed to do with my time? Something else productive? Psh. Yeah right. We didn't end up having combo, which of course...was excellent, because I can't solo...heh. We wont even go down that road, but anyway, then I came home, ate food, and here I am...being incredibly wasteful of my time, and writing this thing. I'll write more later...maybe...if anything actually happens. Anyway, I'm out for now.  ~Ya di amore~Eventful day...well, sort of. Eventful to me considering I'm a loser with no life. I just got home from the second party I went to tonight. It was super-duper fun, as was the first party I went to....but, I'll talk about that more later. Well, today was the last day before break, and it was dress up day, so naturally, I wore my dressiest outfit. Pajamas. They had stars on them. Quite nifty. Got the school newspaper, and there was this editorial (editorial being the operative word there, meaning that they ARE allowed to have opinions) in there that talked about teens and sex. They used band practice rooms, and band in general to prove their point. Honestly, I think people are making far too big of a deal out of it. It's a stupid editorial. Editorials are supposed to get a rise out of you. They're opinions. So, my opinion of the whole situation is to let it go, and be mature about it, but...many of the band kids beg to differ with me. Oh well. Anyway, this contraversial story was the highlight of my school day. Quite amusing. After school, I came home, blah-de-blah-de-blah, and then at 5:15'ish Carson picked me up, and we went to Noodles to celebrate her birthday. It was really fun. I got to meet some really awesome people. :) When we went in, these kids from Nequa stole our table. We plotted to get revenge, but never did. Then during dinner, this really creepy guy kept looking at us. He came at three different times during the meal looking through the window. *Shiver* Then, when we decided to go home and were standing outside waiting for Carson's mom to come, this guy in a van asks us where Naperville Central is, so, being the polite kids we are, we told him. So, then he says, "Are you sure?"  We say, "Yes, we're sure." "Do you kids go there?" "Yes." "Are you sure?" "Yes." "OK, so I take a left, then another left at the bell tower. Are you sure?" "Yes!" Finally, after asking us about ten thousand times if we're sure, he turns the corner, and we start talking, and we're like, "Didn't he notice the jackets, and he asked, "Are you sure," a heck of a lot." To our dismay, he was still basically right there. With his windows rolled down. Whoops. Oh well, that was my adventure at Noodles. Carson's parents drove us home, and I went to Kathryn's for her shindig. It was also tons of fun. We were looking at classified ads in the newspaper it was hilarious. "HOT Victoria's secret model. Likes to rollerblade, work out, talk, and MUCH more."  "Great looking man looking for a vivacious woman to please me."  It was just too funny. Well, I should be off to bed now. I have to get up early the first day of Winter Break? How poopy is that? My brother has a bunch of friends over though, so, it'll be hard to fall asleep with all the noise. I'll just turn my music up. :) Anyway, I'm off to sleepyland. Goodnight everyone. Sweet dreams.  *Ya di amore*Eventful day...well, sort of. Eventful to me considering I'm a loser with no life. I just got home from the second party I went to tonight. It was super-duper fun, as was the first party I went to....but, I'll talk about that more later. Well, today was the last day before break, and it was dress up day, so naturally, I wore my dressiest outfit. Pajamas. They had stars on them. Quite nifty. Got the school newspaper, and there was this editorial (editorial being the operative word there, meaning that they ARE allowed to have opinions) in there that talked about teens and sex. They used band practice rooms, and band in general to prove their point. Honestly, I think people are making far too big of a deal out of it. It's a stupid editorial. Editorials are supposed to get a rise out of you. They're opinions. So, my opinion of the whole situation is to let it go, and be mature about it, but...many of the band kids beg to differ with me. Oh well. Anyway, this contraversial story was the highlight of my school day. Quite amusing. After school, I came home, blah-de-blah-de-blah, and then at 5:15'ish Carson picked me up, and we went to Noodles to celebrate her birthday. It was really fun. I got to meet some really awesome people. :) When we went in, these kids from Nequa stole our table. We plotted to get revenge, but never did. Then during dinner, this really creepy guy kept looking at us. He came at three different times during the meal looking through the window. *Shiver* Then, when we decided to go home and were standing outside waiting for Carson's mom to come, this guy in a van asks us where Naperville Central is, so, being the polite kids we are, we told him. So, then he says, "Are you sure?"  We say, "Yes, we're sure." "Do you kids go there?" "Yes." "Are you sure?" "Yes." "OK, so I take a left, then another left at the bell tower. Are you sure?" "Yes!" Finally, after asking us about ten thousand times if we're sure, he turns the corner, and we start talking, and we're like, "Didn't he notice the jackets, and he asked, "Are you sure," a heck of a lot." To our dismay, he was still basically right there. With his windows rolled down. Whoops. Oh well, that was my adventure at Noodles. Carson's parents drove us home, and I went to Kathryn's for her shindig. It was also tons of fun. We were looking at classified ads in the newspaper it was hilarious. "HOT Victoria's secret model. Likes to rollerblade, work out, talk, and MUCH more."  "Great looking man looking for a vivacious woman to please me."  It was just too funny. Well, I should be off to bed now. I have to get up early the first day of Winter Break? How poopy is that? My brother has a bunch of friends over though, so, it'll be hard to fall asleep with all the noise. I'll just turn my music up. :) Anyway, I'm off to sleepyland. Goodnight everyone. Sweet dreams.  *Ya di amore*:o) Hey...it looks like Alex. You know, the nose taking up the whole face kind of thing!! Except the smiley is MUCH cuter!I'm baaack, well, sort of. I have a lesson soon, so I'm really not back for long, just looking for something to do to pass the time. Oh look! A penny! :) So, how was everyone's day? Makes ya think...well, makes me hink, (which is nearly impossible) of who actually answers back to the computer. I certainly do. Then again...I can be seen talking to Genevieve, my locker at school. You know what bugs me? No? Yes? Well, what bugs me (aside from the word, "bugs,") is parentheses. I use them all the time, but I don't know how to use them correctly. Grr, pooey. It's like the tootsie roll thing, except instead of, "The world may never know," it's more like, "Catie may never know because she's an idiot." OK...this will probably be a pretty abrupt change in subjects but someone just called me, and I completely forgot what I was writing about, and I don't want to take the effort to get back into the train of thought I was in before. Steve just called about chem stuff. He's such a cool kid, I love him. In a friend kind of way of course. :) He's also got the coolest hair. Chemistry...ah, I dislike it with a deep burning passon that eats away at the soul. No...not really, but..it is rather obnoxious. Well..we had the whole evening with humanities thing kast night. Yikes. It was...not great, lets just put it that way, and never bring it up again. Hmmm, this is odd. I have no homework for once, and I had a free afternoon. No jazz all week. This is both good and bad. I love jazz, and yet...it's nice to have free time. I wonder if anyone's noticed how completely random everything I've written on here is. Heh. More fun! You all know me...spontanious Catie. RAR! Ah, guess what? Guess...come on...I bet you aren't guessing...GUESS!!! Alright sorry, I'll just tell you. I went on high ropes yesterday, and made it across the swinging balance beam with Peter. Of course, Mr. Z finds something wrong in EVERYTHING we do, so...Peter and I didn't do it correctly. Evil. Hmmm...possibly I should go warm up for my trumpet lesson. Yes? No? Ah, that's super fun to say. I'm having so much fun writing random stuff thought. Oh well, more later maybe. You're all fantastic people if you've made it this far. Either that, or your just dumb and don't know that the little X in the upper right-hand corner gets you away from this madness.  *Ya di amore* :o)Wow, haven't written in a long time. Been pretty busy lately with Disney and then make-up work. Disney was a blast. Even the bus ride wasn't as bad as I expected it to be. it was actually kind of...well...fun. *Gasp* Yes well, I did enjoy myself at Disney, but it's nice to be home. I've created a theory about going on vacation with your friends. Don't. At least for more than two days. After about the second day, people started getting really sick of each other, and got very edgy. (Didn't help that the bus ride there was 31 hours.) Yes, well...I've finaly pretty much caught up with make-up work. Yay! I'm writing this feature story for journalism. I'm actually getting pretty into it. It's about Teenagers VS. Adults. It's pretty fun doing the research for it. Yes...but anyway....not talking about school anymore...it's evil. Our jazz band had a gig on Wednesday, and I got a ride, and was late getting there. I got there at the end of the last song...which is the song I had a soli in. Whoops...Oh well, it happens. Honestly, that's about all that's been going on, and now I'm off to the mall. I wish it would snow... *Ya Di Amore*Hehe, just finished dinner! Yum! I'm so happy right now. I don't even know why, I just...am! I'm talking to a bunch of my friends while writing this, which is always fun. Plus I'm doing homework, PLUS I'm watching Law & Order...how massively talented am I? Well, my day was pretty kick butt. Umm, no band OR music theory...very cool, so Kristen and I sat together and did homework and discussed Winter. Next period I hung out with Chris and Kelly for a bit (Alex too for a bit, since he was in Gym) and I left eventually. They started working on music, and...I just always end up feeling left out when they do, so, I try to stay away from those two together in general.Oh well, I went and sat alone in a practice room. Darn...no good stories for the newspaper to write about me. That was a great story, no matter how angry people are about the band comment. I wish people would have read the story actually, instead of reaching paragraph two and deciding it was terrible. Well, anyway, umm...EPVM was interesting. I'm getting nervous about my final. My brother said it was difficult...my brother with the perfect ACT AND SAT scores...arg. I just...wow, I'm so afraid of that test. I'm completely going to fail. Gym...oh jeez...two words  Commando Crawl  OWWWWWWWWWWWWWW  Good lord...that was one of the most painful...oh jeez...just thinking about it. Seriously, if you ever by some chance do that for high ropes...WEAR PANTS! Well, yes...wear pants normally, but don't wear shorts, make sure they are pants, because...it's quite painful if you don't. I made it through though, so it's all good! It just hurt...a lot.   Math, boring, shock shock.  Intervening thought: Why do I always write these while talking to Alex??  Lunch...was interesting. Just hung out with Kelly and Emily some, then Chris and Alex. It was cool...not much to it. Comparative Religion was boring...just, meh, presenting projects...and finally chem...boring, shock shock, and then, I came home, and did stuff, and that is the end of my day...therefore, I shall leave, and go kill alex...I mean...wait...you know NOTHING. You have no evidence...:)I got so many compliments on my hair! It was awesome, I got it cut, and layered last night, and I really really like it! It's shorter, but it's still really great! Right now I'm looking for new furniture for my room. I'm completely re-doing it, except for the floor. I like having a wood floor. Easier to clean if you spill something...which is inevitable with me. So, anyway. jusat waiting for dinner to be done, then all I have to do is study for my Science test. Arg...stupid science. Oh well, we have later arrival tomorrow! YES! I was hoping, and hoping, but I was upset because I wanted a late arrival day, and didn't think we had one, and then Bryan (with a y) was like, "yeah, norkus you idiot!" Ouch...oh well, how can one be sad when there's late arrival!?!?! Except, finals are next week, and I'm not ready at all. I should maybe actually study this time, considering I have not studied for finals yet since High School started....surprisingly though...I've done well. I don't get it. If I could just learn not to avoid homework, I'd be doing well. For most kids, it's the tests that make the problem, for me, it's the homework. Yay! Dinner...I'll write more later!..Avoiding homework...yet again, shock shock. plus i just painted my nails, and typing is something I can actually do without messing them up. I'll go back to homework in a bit. Umm, today was great! I saw *HIM* EEK! like four times. It was great...plus he actually NOTICED me, and spoke to me like...two out of the three times I talked to him. Exciting stuff.:) So, yes anyway, school wasn't bad. I went and sat with my best buds this morning instead of waiting outside the band room. It was fun. I miss seeing them as much as I do. Kathryn's doing well, she was just working on her paper, and of course Joanne and john were flirting. :) They make such a great couple. I get a little jealous at times though. I sort of wish I had someone like that. I'm still deciding who, and IF I want to ask someone to Winter. I would actually really like to go, but who to ask?? Certainly not *HIM* :) Couldn't do that. I figure I'll just go with a friend or something, and it'll all be good. OK...so, anyway, Kelly S. was cool as usual. She was complaining about stuff...as usual, but I love her to death just the same. Yeah, so...umm, went to band, Peter was gone, so...there wasn't AS much making fun of me as there usually is...oh darn. It was actually, ...scary as it is..., a bit unnerving. I actually got used to them all making fun of me every day, and it just wasn't balanced. Meh. Music theory was ok, but I'm still seriously thinking about dropping the class. I mean, I don't learn a lot, and I don't really enjoy the class too much. I could be doing more useful things with my time. Kelly..coyle that is got kind of angry with me about it. Oh well, I have to do what's best for me, and that may be what's best for me. EPVM...borring, as usual. We had a sub...so, whatever, nothing big. Gym..I went on high ropes!!! AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!! I was sooooooooooooooooooooooooooo scared. You have no idea. It was terrible...except, fun! I was so scared when I first went up there, but Mehgan and I kicked booty! We got three done today. We could have gotten more if Allen hadn't been an idiot...arg. What a silly boy! He went up there just so he could come back down right away. That's the only reason he wanted to go up. So that wasted a good ten minutes. My watch fell off while I was up there and I totally flipped out! Eek! Kelly got pretty mad at Erica...I don't know...I hope no one's mad at me right now. I just really don't like when people are mad at me.   Math was...arg. I've finally learned the trick to his teaching though. He's actually a pretty darn good teacher if you can stay awake in his class. Eek, sorry, have to go...I'll write more when I get back from getting my hair cut :)Welp...haha, what a funny word, perhaps because it isn't a word? Yes, yes that is it. Well, anyway, I just finished my paper a bit ago, and now my mom is correcting it. Gulp! I've seriously forgotten how to write normally!!! Stupid Mrs. Kane, and her Journalistic style of writing! I can't write normally anymore, I really can't. I'm always like, "Is that objective?" Argh, so annoying! Well, I just vnted to Bryan with Y :) about jazz. I'm really trying to forgive Alstadt it just bothers me SO much. He never asked, never consulted me, didn't even TELL me for heavens sakes! I don't know, forgiving is the right thing to do though, so that's what I will do. This weekends been pretty cool actually. I'm feeling a lot better, and all I did this weekend was read...three books. Good books I might add. I also watched Pretty woman last night. Aww...it was so cute, almost makes me want to become a prostitute and look for love...except, not.  Love is patient, love is kind. It does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud. It is not rude, it is not self-seeking. It is not easily angered, it keeps no record of wrongs. Love does not delight in evil, but rejoices with the truth. It always protects, always trusts, always hopes, always perseveres. Love never fails. -1 Corinthians 13:4-8  I love that...I do! It's so great, and so true. There was this other one I saw today...it's not exactly in the Bible, but I thought it was a GREAT quote nonetheless.  "Be who you are and say what you feel, for those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind"-Dr. Suess!  Again, so great and so true. Oh well, I really must go finish my conversation with Bryan with a Y, and then off to bed...ahh, sleep, I love you!! :) Ya di amore*Yeah, so avoiding homework right now and talking to Brandon. I'm really scared about this upcoming jazz competition. I know that we're not playing any songs that I really have to solo in, but still, there is Jumpin' at the Westside. I know I'm going to totally freak out...I just know it. Oh well. Anyway, I've been really sick for the past like...week. I'm getting sick of it..heh, sick of being sick. I first had a cold, then an ear infection...arg. Stupid sickness. Oh well...I'll come back and write more in a bit after I finish my paper. I'm determined to finish this thing.  Ya di amore...*RAR! OK, sorry, just love typing that! :) Well...just writing my music theory final...heh...last minute...rock on! Woo hoo! I had jazz today, I'm umm...doing better, I guess. When he pointed to me, I didn't like...bury my head and say, "no, no, no! You can't make me!" Oh well, s'all good. Umm, no finals today really. Lunch...went in at the end...then band (hardest final EVER) and then finally Comparative Religion...which, we didn't have a final in! yay! The rest of my day has been blah, so I'll write more later...maybe...if anything interesting happens. It wont though! :)OK, so I decided not to go. I talked to Chris about all that was bothering me, and it REALLY helped. Seriously, I love that kid to pieces. He's one of the best people to talk to when you're upset and need someone to listen to you complain. I really didn't want to tell him at first, but...he made me, and I'm glad he did. It felt good to get it out.I cried for the first time in a long time...perhaps since my Grandma's funeral...which was one of the things I was upset about. I just...really miss her a lot. I think I need to cry more...or get upset more, because, it just...hurts so much when it comes in big spurts, and...I don't know. I really want someone to like me for me...actually, I want someone to like me in general. I don't know what's so wrong with me...I really don't. I mean, sure...I'm certainly not good looking,but I'm not worse than some, and I try not to be a bad person, so...I don't understand it. Arg...I just...try so hard, and it feels like no one appreciates it, at all. Oh well, I'll be good tomorrow morning, it's just good for me to write, and talk to people I trust about this sort of thing, and it's not like anyone actually reads this thing anyway...so, heh. Anyway, off to bed. Goodnight.Once again...I'm upset about winter. Seriously, I keep telling myself to stop, because I'm being selfish, and I've got it better than like...99% of the population on this planet...and I'm complaining about a little dance, and it really is my own fault. I just should have asked someone. This is a real bummer. EVERYONE, and I do mean everyone has a date to this thing...RAR....must go...bye.RAR! I LOATHE 9-year-olds.  Yeah, oh, so here's my crazy mixed-up story...  I went to the park today, because I really needed to think about some stuff and be alone, and, it's the best place I know of to do that. Plus, it wasn't THAT cold. So, yeah, I went to the park with my music, and swung on the swing while listening to music. Kinda makes me feel carefree. Ah, I love it! Anyway, so, I'm sitting there, not bothering anyone, just minding my own friggin' business.and suddenly...WHAM!!! This big wet gob hits me in the back. I was like...what the..? So, I frantically look around, and I see a bunch of kids standing behind me making snowballs. So, I'm like...fine, they must have hit me on accident. What weieners! So, I shook it off and went back to listening to music when suddenly...WHAM! Right in the back of the head. Arg. So, I turn my music off, turn around and say, "What do you guys think you're doing?" They answer, "throwing snowballs at you." I say, "Why," and they say, "Because you're on our gangs territory." OK...so, this is getting a little annoying (they're still throwing snowballs at me during this) and I say, "What are you guys..like, 5?" And they're like, "No! We're 9!" So, I just turn my music back on and go back to listening, and they keep throwing snowballs at me, and when I tell them to stop, they say, "what, are you gonna call your mommy? Haha!" So, I put up with it for a bit longer, and then ask the, "gang leader" what his name is. Mark Gianopolis, or something like that, and I tell him I'm going to call his mother. This, for some reason did not scare him. Heck, if some older kid told me that when I was 9, I would have piddled my trousers and ran away!  Whew, new paragraph, the other one was getting too long. Anyway, so....this kid actually CHALLENGES me about the mom thing. I would call his mom too if I thought that this Mark kid didn't get his terrible attitude and manner from her. Arg, I dislike most Naperville people's attitudes. Pooey. Well, anyway, finally, I just got so sick of their little, "gang" that I decided to scare them off. I told them that technically, this was assault and battery, and that I could call the cops, and have them deal with the situation. I told them it was a felony, and guess what?? They BELIEVED me! I was like...yes, small impressionable minds. So...they trudge off all confused, and I go back to my music, and thinking and whatnot, and they come back a few minutes later, and go, "We have something to tell you." So, I say, "What?" And they go, "We're sorry, we thought you were just another high school kid who was going to be mean to us, and take over our territory." I go, "Well, you do know this is public property?" And the little kid says, "No, my dad built the park! It's our territory!" And then he apologized again and left. Oh, and this is great...after a little while more, they yell to me, "you know, you can come on our territory now." Psh.  As funny as it is, and as much as it made me laugh, it also made me incredibly sad. To think...little Naperville kids, doing this to people. They're like a mini-gang. No, they aren't going to seriously injure someone with a snowball, but still, jeez, what is this fricking world coming to?? I'm sick of it. Even in Naperville now, which I thought, even though it's a snob town, at least it's safe. Wow, that really does make me sad.  Well, until then, my day was pretty ordinary. Except for the bananas on the lockers. Haha, it was SO great, SO funny. It made my day, and like...no one noticed at first glance, and then they realized...whoa...wait....bananas??  We did opur presentation in American Government, which was fun. I think we did a good job actually!  was happy with it. Ummm....poor Scott, his Grandpa died. I really feel so bad for him. I know how that feels, and, it's a terrible feeling. I didn't want to bring up winter, even though I really needed to find out what was going on. I just felt so rotton for him. Poor Scott. :( Scott...here's a smiley for you! :) You're the coolest kid!  Diane was there this morning, but, she wasn't there by 3rd hour chem, so, I think she may have left. I really hope she's feeling better. I feel like I may have jinxed her. The day before she got sick, we were talking about how she never really gets sick with a fever and stuff, and how she hasn't missed a day of high school yet, and...the next day. Wow...irony. It's amazing.  Speech was kind of sad today. Ms. V was telling us about herself, and her personal life, and Will accidentally said something that he shouldn't have, and Ms. V seemed to get upset. Eek...it was a REALLY uncomfortable moment, REALLY uncomfortable.   We got the newspapers today, and they had a retraction about the use of the term, "band dorks,  but no retraction about Julia telling the incident. I think that's perfectly logical. If she really saw it, then she does have a right to tell it. I certainly don't think it was appropriate, or necessary, and...supposedly she did just do it to get back at band kids, although I can't prove that. I still think the article was good, and that, honestly, if she really did see what she says she saw, then we have no right to stop her from saying it.   Oh crap! I was supposed to call Kathryn back...more later...yikes....Ok, tonight's entry is going to be pretty short. I'm really tired, and..I need a LOT of beauty sleep.  Today was a pretty ordinary day anyway. We had late arrival though, which was cool. Mr. Alstadt wont be here for the next two days...oh darn! I was looking forward to music theory SO much too! Well, yeah, anyway. Nothing interesting happened until I got called down to Mrs. Plumbers...DUN DUN DUN! I didn't do anything, just a mix up, so it's all good now! :)  Then, we had jazz, and I am going to kill Nathan. I wish he'd act more like a section leader, and Tom wont shut up. I think Steve ought to be section leader. He actually cares about sounding good. So...then i came home from jazz, had my lesson, and that was about it. I know this was completely boring, but people get mad if I don't write, then they yell at me, and...arg. So tedious. Oh well...I'm off to...errr, read, or something. then sleep.   Also, my great uncle Al died a few days ago. He was the coolest guy ever. :) So, if you could all say a prayer for his wife, and really close family, I'd appreciate it. :) Thanks everyone, have a nice evening.  XOXOI miss Heather. She was someone I could tell everything to. Wow do I miss her. :(Well, my day today was better than yesterday. It started out better though. I can usually tell what kind of day I'll have from the morning. I got my schedule changed today, and I straightened things out with Kathryn, so...she understands why now, which is good. I really didn't want her to be upset with me.   You ever feel like the whole world is against you, and hates you?? I hope not...it's not a great feeling. I feel like I have no real friends right now, no one that I can really turn to when times get rough, or when I'm upset. I miss Amanda, I miss Hillary, and I miss Kelly. I've just been so sad lately...and I'm not sure why. I guess I miss having a best friend, and...wow, I just really want a boyfriend. As pathetic as this all is, I do. I would think if I had a boyfriend, he'd be someone who listens to me, and...it's just not going to happen anytime soon. Yeah, I'm going to Winter now...but, now I realize it wasn't Winter that I wanted to go to...it was WHO I wanted to go with. I wanted to go with someone like I really liked...not a friend, and...it all just sucks right now. I kind of feel like crying, and...that's not me most of the time.   Yeah...so, feeling a little better, sorry...I was having an EXB moment. OOO, bad moment to have...very bad! Listening to some Dave Matthews...again, which is fun, so...yeah. Anyway...I have to go, people are actually IM'ing me. Drat. Maybe I'll write more later.  :IYeah...so, my day wasn't all that great. Thanks to Andrew sliding across the stinking floor this morning, I have a huge bruise on my back. Got my schedule...it's ok, but I'm going to try to switch lunch and health, since I got really light-headed and sick by the end of the day. Eek, it wasn't good.   Band and music theory stayed the same, so my first two classes were a cinch. Sometimes in band, Dan, and Peter, and the rest of them really get to me. Today was sort of one of those days. I really hadn't had a good start of the day, and I just didn't want to put up with them criticizing everything. Yeah...so, I'm not Tito...give me a break! It's not even something I'm going to pursue later on in life, I'm just having fun now, except, it's difficult for me to have fun when I have all these jerks sitting beside me. Arg.   Then...third hour Chem, which is a huge change for me, since I used to have it eighth hour. It's not too bad actually. Mr. Kordalewski (RAR! Stupid long named teachers!) seems pretty nice, and he's got the funniest accent. So, it's all good! I'm not a big fan of Chem though, soo...it kind of stinks, but Diane is in my class!!! I was so excited to see her! I was like...AHHHH DIANE! YAY! It was quite exciting. I sit in the back row corner...again, like last semester. What is it with me and back row corners?? Am I really THAT bad to look at? I suppose...but, oh well.   Then lunch, which sucks...fourth hour...royally sucks!!! No one's in it, and the lunch is too early. I'm going to try to get it switched tomorrow. I hope I can. I had to sit next to Pez for the first part...which was ok, but...the kid doesn't know when to stop talking. Like...seriously, he's really nice and all, but...I don't know, I just wish he knew when to stop talking more. Then halfway through the lunch hour, I met up with Kelly and Kathryn!!! YES! Thank you God...if I can't switch it, I still have two of my best friends. So, we just walked around and talked, and...it was fun. I kind of miss seeing them sometimes. We all went to this really dumb movie Friday night...but, without Nikki, and I miss her too. I really miss being around with a lot of my friends. I see band people every day, but I get the feeling they aren't really my friends. They pick on me a lot, and at first I just assumed it was all fun and games, but now...I sometimes feel like they all really don't like me. So...it's nice to hang out with non-band kids. Nikki's cheerleading squad made Nationals, which of course...is awesome! People laugh at me because one of my best friends is a cheerleader, and I just laugh right back, because they're missing out on a truly wonderful person! I miss Carson too. I know I see her like...every day, and I talk to her, but I kind of miss the way things used to be. Malevalent Sisters!! Carson, Nikki, and me...it was so cool....I just really miss Junior High sometimes. I can remember when I was 8, and I was REFUSING to turn 9. I actually refused! I kind of wish those days were back sometimes. Scott and I had a long conversation about this the other day, and...he reminded me of what fun it was to be younger. How I didn't have to worry about drinking, and all the stuff I'm completely not into! I miss my little group of friends...we used to do EVERYTHING together...and now it's just all breaking apart. Joanne's going to England, Carson's already gone from the group (thank goodness I still keep in close contact with her) and Nikki goes to Benet. I just...miss the old days.   Yeah, anyway....sorry....I just kept writing and writing, and I got off track. 5th hour, I had Speech, which was totally neat! I don't care what anyone says about her perkyness, I love Ms. V! Or as we call her...V-diddy! She's just so enthusiastic about teaching...like she actually wants to be there! She reminds me of Mr. Doman. I guess it's really easy to get a good grade in Ms. V's class, thank goodness, since I'm reallly nervous about giving speeches. Will is in my class :) I like him a lot. He's such a cool kid. He always wears this batman shirt that I love, and he's always really nice to me. He always seems kind of sad about something though...and it just, really reminds me of Kari's death. There's another person I miss a lot. Wow...I miss a lot of people right now....even Christy. Yeah...she did kiss Ryan...and yeah...I did dump his sorry butt, but...I still kind of miss her. She was just...so good to talk to. There's no one right now, that I really feel I could tell anything in the world to...like...just anything, and everything that's on my mind, and I wish there was.   Just turned on some Dave Matthews Band...I hope it puts me in a better mood. Honestly...I know it wont, but...I have to try, right??   Wow, I haven't written this much...possibly ever, and I've just gotten a little more than halfway through my day. I don't know what's up with me. I just...am thinking of how I wish things were, and, how fast things are changing. I mean...I'm already 37.5% of my way through high scool. That's pretty depressing, especially since I have no idea what I want to do after High School. *Sigh*   Well...yeah, back to speech, not much more to tell. I have a one minute speech to do tomorrow about myself. I think I'm going to talk about being albino. I hope it interests people. It's not something you hear talked about every day, soo...yeah.   Yeah....health....eek...scary class. Yikes...not much more to say than that, except...I have Stevey in my class!!! AHHH! Yay! Steve Zimnie...if you've never met the kid, meet him. He's the coolest ever. He's really nice, and he's really really cute. :) His girlfriend's lucky. Haha...and, I realized how bad that may have sounded...no, I don't like Steve as more than a friend, he's just really cool, so he deserved mentioning. I don't mention people I like...or do I?? Hmmm....  Ummm...ok, what's next? Math...yes, wont go into great detail about that, except, it's kind of cool since Taylor's in my math class, which is excellent, because Taylor is definitely the coolest. She's such a sweet person. I wish I could be more like her sometimes.   Then...American Gov.!! YAY! I have lots of people in my class...including Andre Cherry...haha...I kissed that kid when I was like...5. Ah...good times, good times. Kathryn's in my class, which is awesome, and so it Meredith, I don't care what ANYONE says about her, she's always really nice to me, and I think she's a cool person who has a lot to offer. Also...I have the coolest teacher, Mr. Albinak. He's such a great teacher. Kelly C. has him too, except...different period. And...yes, that was my day. It ended alright, but, I still am hoping to switch my lunch periods. I REALLY hope they let me. Anyway....I'm sick of typing, and I'm getting restless, so, I think I'll go read for a bit, and...maybe write more later. I'm actually writing down what I feel on here, which is kind of surprising. I don't usually actually write what I'm feeling.   Oh yeah...I guess there were like 20-25 bands in our section on Saturday...so, either we really didn't do as bad as I thought, or...the other bands were atrocious.   I haven't gotten to talk to Scott about Winter yet, and arrange things. I'm pretty sure we're going to Kathryn's to eat, then to the dance, and possibly Joanne's after, but...who knows?  I think I'm going to go for a little while...I'm kind of sad right now... Oh well...I hope everyone has a lovely evening. :)Well...ok...the Bucs won. Yay?? I'm not usually a big football fan, which is shocking considering everyone in my family loves football...and I'm in marching band. Man am I a weird kid. Well...anyway, we have a small problem now, I may be going to Winter...finally, like I wated, but...now Kelly's kind of out in the cold. :( We're thinking maybe she could go with Neil or something, since we all know Neil, and it'd be fun. We don't want to leave her out of this. I kind of wish that I could invite Kristen and Alex, and Taylor and her boyfriend, but...I'm not sure if Kathryn and Joanne would be cool with that. I'm just really confused right now. I can't believe we have school tomorrow. :( It feels like we don't...maybe because of the Superbowl, but...I don't know. I should probably just stop writing before I write something I don't mean to, which would force me to actually start looking at things with a different perspective. I still can't believe we actually placed yesterday...but, I really want to know how many bands there were....it's probably like marching. We got 5th...but...out of 5 bands. Whoops. Hehe. Except...that was last year, because this year...we rocked the kazba...and, I have no clue why I just said that. Wow...Catie, you're a weirdo. And now I'm talking to myself too...ok, sleep would be good now...yes...definitely...sleep...now...Good night all! Hope you have sweet dreams!!! :)Evereryone else is watching the superbowl,.so there's nothing else to do. I've been thinking about stuff. I said I wanted to go to Winter and everything...but, now that I am, I'm not sure if I really want to. Like, yeah...I asked him, but...I'm just going with him as a friend. I want to go with someone as more than a friend, someone I really do like. I mean...I love him as a friend, and I've known him for so long, but...I just wish I were going with someone I like as more than a friend. :( Oh well, it's still really nice just to be going. I wish it weren't so cold out, I need to go for a walk err, a bike ride or something! And just...think. I love people, I really do, but...I need my alone time. It was like poor Emily on the Disney trip. I just need to be alone! I'm actually getting sort of excited about Winter now. I'm talking to Joanne and Kristen, and they're excited for me...so...I'm getting excited too. I think it will be fun, especially with a group of people I like spending time with! Anyway...more later, I'm actually having conversations with people NOT watching the Superbowl! YAY!Wow...I can't believe it. I almost wish I could have seen more class AA bands. JSO didn't win any awards...which, completely shocked me. I mean...they are awesome. In the words of Alex, "There must have been some seriously Godly bands if they beat JSO!" But oh well...considering JSO isn't my band, we'll talk about Jazz Band...which places 3rd...probably out of 3 bands, but still. :) It was nice to place, and have JSO not...considering they're like...saintly, and...well...we suck. My soli went ok, not too bad. I guess I still have to play louder, and I didn't mess up any of the notes, messed up the timing a bit at 110, but..other than that, it was actually pretty good...I thought. Well, anyway...I'm not quite sure what's going on with Andy and Diane, but....it seems like Diane is happy, so...if she's happy, then I'm happy too. That's really all I wanted to write for right now. Haha, that amuses me. Write for right. OK...anyway, must be off to...I don't know...do something fun since there's no homework!!!! YES! :) Anyway, I'll write more later maybe.  :)Being sick bites, and I miss my friends. :(Wow, what an emotional rollercoaster of a weekend. I had a great day Satuday! Kelly drove me home. It was amazing. I mean, I've known this girl since I was like...18 months! It's just so weird to be in the passenger seat and not have a parent there, so yeah, kathryn's house was super duper fun...I was surprised, like seriously. I had a GREAT time. I felt really bad though since I kind of went last minute, and I tried to call Diane's cell, but I kept getting a busy signal, and, arg, it was bad!  But anyway...yeah, the night was great...until I got home. I had a long talk with Kelly C., and...I've just been a horrible friend to both Kelly and Emily for the past 6 months. I don't want to go into details, because the past is the past, and...I can't change it, but....I apologized and truly meant it.   Then today, I talked to them both individually, and...I definitely got off too easy, but they forgave me! I seriously couldn't believe it. They forgave me within a matter of seconds. I was just so happy and shocked...and...relieved. I didn't lose two of my best friends. Phew! Yeah, I definitely did get off easy, they forgave me way too fast, but...no complaints here. It taught me a huge lesson though. I'm never ever taking my friends for granted again, and I'm definitely going to think of how a friend would feel, rather than how I feel about the situation, because I'm going to feel differently about things than other people are, and I'm going to be really layed back about something that could be really important to a friend, and I have to respect that.   Phew...so, huge rollercoaster weekend that let me end up on the top! I'm feeling great right now, my only worry, would be that Kelly and Emily don't believe how sorry I really am, but...I think they do. :) I have such great friends. I'm really lucky.   My day today was cool. Didn't do anything too special. Kath was gone during government though, so I was sad.  We watched this really sad video in health. It was an Oprah show with Dr. Phil, and it had this girl on it who was raped when she was 13, and now she's bulemic, and she tried to kill herself, and it was just so depressing. Joanne and I sat in the back corner and joked for the first half, but...when the girl came on, we stopped. It was too sad. I wish Kelly sat near me. She's in my health class too. Like, I want Kelly to sit in front of me, and Joanne next to me, or vise versa, and it'd be a perfect world...well, for Health at least.  I actually have friends in my classes this semester. Yeah, last semester I had music theory, but...not much else where I had friends. It's great!   Yeah, anyway, I'm going to go...no homework to do, but, I'm still going to go. I think I may go read. Goodnight!  XOXO  Emily and Kelly...you're the coolest, and I'll never ever do anything to hurt you again. :) Thanks for forgiving me, you're awesome.Wow, I just...can't even write right now...I feel so terrible. All I have to say is that I'm an idiot.I couldn't sleep...I guess I get way too upset over stuff like this...but, I am REALLY upset. Supposedly Zach is in surgery, and Richa has internal bleeding...jeez. Why?? Supposedly there was also another accident in which a student died...it's all so depressing. I just want everyone to stay safe, and I really wish there was someone to talk to right now, but there isn't...everyone who would be online and who I could talk to is happily asleep. I seriously don't know whether to cry, or...what. I mean...I have cried...but, jeez, sometimes I wish I didn't care so much about people I don't know well. It wouldn't hurt as much if I only got upset over people I was really good friends with. It's just so unfair though. They're both so smart and nice...and....arg...just, why them??? Why the heck them....? I feel like I should tell the people I really care about how much I care about them, but...it's really hard for me to express my emotions like that. It makes me so sad though...so so so sad. I kind of wish I could go back to the days of elementary and junior high...at least people seemed safe there. No one ever got seriously hurt or died during either...  There's also that feeling like...I want to help somehow, but there's really nothing I can do. I mean...I'll pray, but somehow I feel that I should do something other than pray, something physical...I don't know anymore...maybe I just need to go clear my head....I was going to write about my day, but it doesn't really matter right now. I just hope they're ok...Why is it that bad things happen to good people?? I wish the quote, "Good things happen to good people," was true, but it isn't always. Two really great people were in a car accident tonight, and they are in stable condition, but...still, it's terrible. They're upstanding people, and it shouldn't have happened to them. I hope they'll be ok, and I'll definitely be praying for them. They both contribute a lot to our school, and will continue to contribute a lot to the world when they leave High School. I guess I'm still trying to grasp onto the concept that bad things DO happen to good people...even if they're not just good people, but great people.   It also makes me incredibly grateful to have the life I have...to have a great family, have money, have shelter, have food, have friends, have...life. I just wish that it didn't take things like Kari's death...or Richa and Zach's accident to slap me in the face and make me realize it. I always get mad at people when I think they're being selfish or thinking too much about themselves, when I, myself, am probably being selfish.. But, I guess...as a friend just told me, "It's times like these you have to have faith." I do. I mean, I say my prayers every night, but...a lot of times, I just say them to say them. I don't really think about who or what I'm praying for. I'll really think...and, I'll definitely be praying for Richa and Zach, and I hope other people can take the time to as well...Wow...I just found out that a company in Northern California really wants my mom to come work for them. I'm really upset. I know I'm getting worked up over almost nothing...I mean, she says they'd have to pay her a lot to go, and that it's not probable, but still...Calfornia??? It's so far away, and I'd miss my friends so so much, especially with only two years of HS left. I think I'm about to cry...I should go do homework to get my mind off of it.I haven't written in a while..wow. I just haven't felt much like writing lately. Bleh. I had a pretty sad week. Zach passed away About five or six hours after the accident. It was so tough at school on Tuesday to see everyone so upset, especially my speech teacher. She was right behind the car when it happened, and she was just so upset. I've been praying for his family though. The good news though...is that Richa is home now! They released her from the hospital, and from what I hear, it'll be a long road to recovery, but I know if anyone, she will be able to.do it.  Yesterday we had our second jazz competition. Thank God we weren't competing. We were sooo bad. Like, I was so ashamed, I didn't even want to talk to anyone after. I felt so rotton, and I wanted to cry, but...it's ok. These things happen. JSO did really well. I'm proud of them. They got first in their division, and they SHOULD HAVE gotten grand champions. They were awesomely awesome!  The day other than playing went well though. In an effort to be more like Diane...hehe, I love her method of doing this. It's so great.  Kelly definitely possitively won. She put up with me all day yesterday, and she understood when I was snippity after Jazz band played, Emily won just because she's Emily, Eric lost...eek, it drove me insane, couldn't get rid of him, Im sorry, but it drove me mad!!! Dave won, Peter actually won, he was a polite boy yesterday, Justin definitely won. He was really nice about us messing it up big time. Dan...probably lost if I would have talked to him. He always loses. Carson won, I'm sure Joanne, Kathryn, Kelly, and Nikki all would have won if I saw them. That stupid mean judge lost BIG TIME! HE WAS SO MEAN!!! RAR! Oh yeah...Chris and Jim won since they both went into a girls locker room. Haha. We found the weight room!!!!! Bryan won, he was nice...except for the whole shpeal at the end of the day, Mike Klos lost, and Diane definitely won because she's Diane, and diane doesn't lose. Also...I don't steal ideas like this from people who lose.   Yeah, so...more about the girls bathroom, because it was just hilarious. Kelly and I...and...Eric *shudder* were all walking around with Chris and Jim. Well, they decided to go into the girls locker room and take a...yeah...and so they did. So, we're all running around in there, and we decide to leave, and they say, "Kelly and Catie walk out first and make sure there's no one there." Well, of course they didn't expect there to be, so they start coming out as soon as Kelly and I got out. Well...we didn't get a chance to let them know that THERE WAS SOMEONE! This chick was walking down the stairs headed for the locker room. Kelly and I tried to hold the door shut, but we couldn't say anything since we were laughing too hard. So they walk out, and this girl sees them, and just gives the WEIRDEST look! It was the funniest thing I've seen in a long time! It completely made my day! Also, in their weight room, they have this like..conveyer belt type thing with rocks on it so you can rock climb. It's the coolest. They have a cooler school.   We got yelled at too, by this guy. Kelly and I were humming the Mission Impossible theme, and it gave us away, and this guy comes out, and he was really polite about it actually...he just said we need to leave, and couldn't be in that part of the building anymore. We saw him again later while playing football in the hall. He gave us weird lookis. Whoops...Oh well, not like I've never seen a weird look before.   I sat next to Bryan, and Scott, and Musto on the way home since Kelly listened to music and slept. It was cool...for the most part...we wont talk about the uncool part with the, "what's your prefference of color?" But yeah, all in all, it was a pretty fun day. I got to spend tons of time with Kelly which is awesome, and JSO did so well. YAY!  Today...I've done nothing but read, and that's what I shall continue to do. Until next time...don't eat yellow snow.  *Muah* :)I've been writing less frequently. Like...I look at it, and I think I should really write, because once I start writing, a lot of times, I just keep going and it makes me feel better. My week was pretty good. I don't remember much. I got a 100% on my chem test. Yay?? Diane did too! I think we were the only ones in the class, so, I'm proud. I'm worried about Diane though. I mean...I am and I'm not. I know she'll get through it. She has a mom like my mom who's really there for her, and friends who care about her A TON! I really want to be there for her, but it's hard. I've never ever been through a situation like what she's going through. Usuaully, when I talk to people I can relate, which helps a lot, but this time, I can't. I almost think she needs to be left alone to just...think, and clear her head. I know things will end up well for her though, because she really deserves it.  I know it's terrible to think,. but with the the whole Andy and Elizabeth situation...it almost makes me sort of happy. I almost feel like he deserved it, but...I know these things happen, and I haven't heard any of his side of the story, so I really have no room to talk. I just feel bad for Diane. I went to pep band with her Friday night though. I didn't know until I got there that it was the last game, and that there was a party after, so I felt really guilty for going. It was ok, and it ended up being kind of fun. I'm still glad I didn't really get into pep band though. I didn't get to see Kelly...like...at all. I did get to see Emily though, which was great. I really just wanted to go to be there for Diane, but Christine was there, and she was cool. I had never really gotten to know her. She's actually an awesome person. I had no idea, since I didn't know her well. So, a couple good things came from going to pep band.  Anyway, I went to Kathryn's house for a little bit on Thursday night. I got there too early though and sat in her living room with her mom and brother watching, "Driving Miss Daisy." I guess I've been friends with Kathryn so long that it wasn't awkward being with her mom and brother. I walked in there kind of worried, thinking it was going to be realllly uncomfortable, and terrible, but it was fine. I was actually pretty comfortable being with Kath's family. I didn't end up going to the Young Life Lock-In. I didn't think it was worth the money, and...I've neer been to Young Life. I'd feel like I was taking advantage of it. I hope Joanne and John had fun anyway. I'm sure they did. They always have fun when they're together.   Other than that, this weekend I've basically been sitting around and reading and whatnot. I heard drumshow practicing Friday. They're really good. I'm definitely going to go see it with Kathryn and Kelly and Joanne and John, and hopefully Nikki. I haven't seen Nikki in sooo long. I really really miss her. I miss Carson too. She's so fun to talk to, and without having chemisry with her...it's just, oi. She doesn't make my day happy anymore. It's sad, I miss her. *Sigh* Oh well. I try to see her after school at her locker when I can.  Anyway, I should be off. I still have to memorize the rest of my poem for my speech tomorrow. Yikes....speeches scare me. Anyway....sweet dreams all. Oh yeah...and interesting fact of the day is....*Drum roll*  Twinkies are actually only good for about 30 days because of the bread. Amazing huh?  *Muah* XOCatieXOi can't stop typing in this thing. I don't know why. My fingers wont stop. It's like they each have little individual minds of their own, except...I only type with two fingers. My two index fingers. I type pretty darn fast for that though. Lalalalalalala. Seriously, it is good to laugh a lot. Typing constantly is sort of keeping my mind off of truly thinking of the audition, and considering it all.   Hmmm. I'm talking with Brett, and Matthew. It's fun. I enjoy talking to both of them. I'm trying not to bring up the A audition though...   You know, I think I'd rather be known as prude and not be able to get guys, then a slut who can get guys. If I'm going to get herpes, I want to get it from someone I'm going to spend the rest of my life with.    Haha, sorry. I was just having a conversation about that with someone.  And I'm gone again...Sorry I sounded petty, and dumb and selfish.  I said haha a lot in that. Wow, it's good to laugh more. Hahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahaha.  No seriously, am I always this loony?Still checking the band website every fifteen minutes...  Katharine brought up a good point. There isn't anything I can do about it now.  Time is going by so slowly. So very slowly....  1, 2, 3, 4...5 seconds.   Wow, and no one's around to talk to. I'm going crazy though. I don't like for people to see me like this. It's bad, very bad. I'm listening to some jazz, which is always cool. Yeah jazz.   Music....music auditions...is it me, or does everything I think of remind me of that audition? No one's online, and...argh. I don't even know if I'd want people to be online. I'm freaking out so much that...wow, I don't know. What do I do?  Ahhhh...how much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuch wood? Yeah...uh huh. Woodchuck are amusing animals. And...yeah, I'm a loser with no life, so I'm sitting here typing anything that comes to my mind.  My parents aren't home, so they can't drive me anywhere, and I can't drive yet, so...heh. I'm stuck. I was gonna do something with Jim, but...couldn't get a hold of the parents, so, so much for that plan.   I need to read. Reading helps me escape from everything, and I need my blanket, and milk, and cookies, and I need to be a little kid tonight. That's what I need. No cleaning for me, as much as I need to clean my room, I'm not going to. I need to be a kid tonight, and forget all this audition stuff. Mmmm....cookies. I love cookies so much.   Maybe I should do my informative speech in speech class on cookies, except..maybe I'll do it on albinism. I don't know. Probably albinism. Maybe I'll do my persuasive speech on why everyone needs cookies and milk sometimes. :)  I'm really just rambling, but...it's actually fun in a weird sick twisted way. Except, not really sick and twisted, just weird. Wow...I need a life I think. I'm having way too much fun typing in this thing. Haha, I'm listening to Count Bubba. Such a great song. I absolutely love the soli section in it.  I think I decided, except, I don't want to say what I decided, because...yeah, because I don't want anyone to know. No one reads this thing anymor, but just in case.  There I go with puting up the walls again. I need to trust people more. Possibly this isn't the place though. Here, I'm trusting everyone who could potentially read this. Eeks. That's a really scary thought. I wish....I really do wish.  That would be so cool.  I'm probably thoroughly confusing everyone by now. Sorry.  That would be the coolest thing in the world.  Hmmm, this is reminding me of this e-mail Erica sent me a few days ago with happy thoughts in it. Haha. It was a most excellent e-mail, I was in a really bad mood, and it helped cheer me up. One of them was having a boyfriend and wearing his sweatshirt and having it smell soooo good. Mmmm. Haha. I love guys who smell good.   I really don't even know what I'm typing about anymore, but I can't stop. It's addicting. Haha. I really need to find myself a boyfriend. Yes, I've decided, I must, but it's difficult when NO ONE LIKES YOU. haha.  I don't think I belong in High School that much. I still like people, and love my friends, but sometimes I don't feel like I truly belong. I feel loved though. :)  My friends are all so great! They make me happy. I have to be normal at lunh this week with kelly and emily though, since kelly's exchange student is coming.   Sigh. I really loathe wanting a boyfriend. It makes me feel like one of those valley girls who wear make-up and do their hair all the time. I know that's not true, and I know people who want boyfriends aren't all like that, haha, that's just how I feel.   I give up, again. OK, now I actually have a few people to talk to, so, I think I'll stop typing....now.Wow, my audition sucked.  I felt so darn good about it at first! When I first walked out the door, I felt kind of good (except for the fact that I was shaking like no other) and then Mr. Rogers told me I did well, and so did my parents. I hope they weren't lying. I don't know why, I just have this sinking feeling that I didn't make Wind Ensemble. I feel like I need to for some reason, like there's no way I could feel good in any other band. Even though Peter/Dan/Don/Dave/Matt all make fun of me, I stil can't imagine myself in another band.  I heard Dan did really well on his audition. I know it's a terrible thought, but...that makes me so mad. It's terrible, but I wanted him to fail, and do horribly. Jeez. I really wish he had. I guess that makes me a bad person, or does it? I mean, everyone in some small way hopes their competition does badly.   Wow, that's not helping, I'm still feeling guilty.  I'm so worried about this audition. It's all I think about! Seriously. I can't think of anything else. It's horrible. I need to start thinking of something else.  I wish I could have gone to variety show with Jim, but my parents got home too late. It would have been good to get it off my mind. Plus, everyone is so busy with their German exchange students. I'm excited to meet them though. Haha, we'll have four of them in band Monday morning.  There's another thing that reminds me of making Wind Ensemble again. If I don't make Wind Ensemble again, it'll seem incredibly weird sitting next to everyone who has for the rest of this year.  ARGH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I want TO THINK OF SOMETHING ELSE OTHER THAN THIS AUDITION!!!!  Why didn't I break my leg and end up in the hospital last night? I could have made a tape..and it all would have been good. Maybe.I would have made WE.  Wow, I do. I really have this sinking feeling that I didn't make it. I want this weekend to be over. I want to find out either way. I HAVE TO KNOW either way. I'll probably be devastated if I didn't make it, but hey.  Why does this mean so much to me? It's not even what I'm going to do when I, "grow up."  I'm a loser.  OK, I'm going to type about something NOT RELATED TO THIS STUPID AUDITION!!! I promise I wont mention it. Sorry...anyway, yeah. I went to Nikki's birthday party last night, and it was...interesting. It was fun, and I met a lot of new people, but...everyone from Benet was so......perky. They were nice, just...perky. Usually it'd be ok, but...I had a headache, and I was flipping out about...ahhh! I promised I wouldn't talk about it, so yeah. I came home and went right to bed pretty much. I was tired.  I can't get my mind of this thing no matter what I do. I tried checking the website to see if they posted it or anything, but...they didn't.   I feel like I'm going to cry, and I don't know why. I think it's the sinking feeling. Like, the feeling that if I don't make Wind Ensemble, I'll dissapear into an abyss of nothingness, and probably be incredibly sad. The feeling that I'll be a failure at the one thing people say I'm pretty good at. I'm really scared. Really scared, and I don't like it. The fear that I'll dissapoint my parents, and bonny, and...myself. I will be so incredibly dissapointed in myself if I don't do well on this audition. I already am dissapointed in myself for not working on it more. Oh jeez...I'm starting to cry. This is terrible.  On a completely different note...Heh, I realized the other day how few people I truly trust. It takes me a long long time to trust people. I don't know. I feel kind of guilty because people tell me so much. I think I should tell them stuff too, but...I can't bring myself to do that. It's like I can't be open and honest, like it's not possible for me except in a few cases. Like I have these big metal bars in front of me that I can't get past, like I'm a prisoner in a cage that I could easily escape from.  I've tried to be more trustworthy, but...it's impossible.  Why the heck am I so depressed right now?? I hate it!!! I hate being the snobby Naperville kid who's depressed over nothing, who's got good food, shelter, friends, and a family that's awesome.  What do I have to be depressed over?  Absolutely nothing. Wow, I dislike being pessimistic so much. I wish I could just stop, but I tried and I can't.  I'm really on a role at this failing stuff thing. Heh, I wonder if I failed the A audition too.   I think I'll stop typing now before I upset myself anymore.  Yeah, you know who it is, I'm not gonna sign it.Things I like....:-)   ~Sharp objects ~Pointy objects ~Shiny objects ~Ducks ~Penguins ~Oxymorons ~People that smell good ~My hair ~People whos names begin with the letter Z or Q. ~Permanent markers ~My nailpolish ~Metranomes ~Jazz ~taly ~People who call me special ~Beating Dan at trumpet ~Beating Dan at trumpet for a second year in a row... ~Valve oil ~My bed ~Hoodies ~Being a generally dysfunctional member of ~society ~You!  Haha. It made me happy. I think I'm going to make a list of things I don't like too but, I'll save that for my next really bad mood. I'm in a good mood now. The weather is actually semi-decent, and...hmmm, yeah! Oh well, I'm outta here for now. Peace. (I've always wanted to say that.)  XOXO :)Reason number eleven to go out with a guy  Romantic!!  Thanks Erica :) You rock.Top Ten Reasons to Go Out With a Guy (These aren't in any real order.)  Intelligence Humor Kindness Good Morals Smells good :) Haha, had to be here. Good conversationalist. Fun to be around Being Hot. (Yeah, it's shallow, and it's not a necessity but, it is a plus.) Sensitivity. Yeah right, like this one's ever going to happen. Trustworthy.  Oh yeah! Just had a conversation with someone about this. Yeah, that'd be the perfect guy. Most definitely. Too bad none exist, or if they do, I'm just not noticing.  Anyway, my day was most excellent. I went to woodfield with my mom and shopped. Ah, it was so much fun. Hmmm, I think more people than I realize read this thing, so now I'm scared. I just put it on my profile for fun, except, now people know. They KNOW. Ahhh. Anyway, yeah.   Why do potentially good girlfriends pick terrible boyfriends, and vise versa? I've never understood it. Oy's so dumb. Almost as dumb as me but not quite.  So, I really have nothing to write, so...I think I'll stop now. Yep...stopping right.......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................now.Yeah, ummm, things are good. I made it. 5th chair, before Dan, haha, yes! I walked into band behind Dan, while Peter's saying, "She beat you." Hahaha, the look on his face was the funniest thing I've EVER seen. It was so great. But yeah, I made it, and I'm happy about it, but...I'm still in a crappy mood. I want to go back to my old crazy self. I want to stop...being other people. I was having a conversation about this with a certain somone the other day, and he said he was doing that. Like...I take bits of other people's personality and make them me...It's so dumb. I need to be myself. I need to be crazy. I need to be fun. I need to not be shy. I need to be fun. I also need to be more trustworthy...but, that's a long way off. Maybe I am me. I'm really not sure. All I know is that I'm so incredibly confused about everything right now. I don't even feel like I care about the "A" audition. That's pathetic, I spent so much time worrying about it. I just feel like I care about nothing right now. I hate feeling that way.  Man, I'm just...not supposed to feel this way. I'm supposed to feel happy. Nothing's gone wrong, there's really nothing to complain about. I just...feel sad I guess.   Oh well, life goes on. I'm probably just having a bad day. Probably because it's cold out again. Argh, anyway, I'm off to go shopping with my mom at Oakbrook. Wow, I'm not even that excited about that. This is terrible. Oh well, I'm sure I'll have fun anyway.   I'll probably write more later. This is a writing kind of day...  XOXOToday was a day. Nothing more. Nothing less.Well, I'm really still not feeling bad for what I said. Jim mentioned it to me and thought I was talking about Dave K. Today. I was like, no no no no no! Haha. I actually thought Dave K. was mad at me today. It was weird...  Anyway, school was ok. Still didn't technically find out, but Mr. A. said I'm ok, and not to worry, so...I wont. Jazz was actually ok today, I was playing..and not THAT softly either! :) So, there's really not much to know about my day since it was boring and stuff.  I don't really feel like typing now actually. Nor later perhaps?   You know who it is, and if you don't, you're just not cool...  XOXOAhhhh! OK, I feel much better, because I just talked to my mom for about an hour. It's good to talk to your mommy once in a while.  Anyway, I'm still mad at Dave tyhough. I just can't believe what a...jerk he's been lately. At lunch today, chris, and him, and I were all standing around talking about A auditions and stuff, and Dave goes, "Yeah, I know who's going to make it into Wind Ensemble, but I don't want to say, because I don't want to hurt anyone's feelings."  So then chris says, "Well, will I make it?"  And Dave goes, "Yeah."  HELLO?!?! Could we be anymore obvious? I thought he was supposed to be smart. Man, I just couldn't believe it. It's probably the jerkyest of jerky things people said to me today, and people said some pretty jerky things. RAR! I'm probably just touchy because I'm so scared for the results, but really...he crossed the line there. I hope I get into Wind Ensemble just to spite him.   OK, sorry. Anyway, they DIDN'T POST RESULTS TODAY! Argh. Could they be anymore cruel. This is just mean! I'm dieing here! OK, not really, but it's still mean.  All I want is to find out, for better for worse.   Argh, no one else, not even Dan, was as big of a jerk to me as Dave was. I thought he was so nice, and I started getting to know him better this year. Heh, I don't think I want to anymore.  Seriously, I'm just all touchy because I want to know. I'll probably feel terrible for writing this after I find out, and he's right. I think he is right, and that's what bothers me so much.  Heh, I took this quiz about what alcoholic personality I am and I was a, "Sex on the Beach." Hah, it's kind of ironic when I think about it. A: I don't drink ever, and never will, and B: I'm remaining abstinent. It said something about me being promiscuous. Haha, ok, so it didn't actually say, "promiscuous," but that's the impression I got. Plus, I love that word. Promiscuous...haha. So great.  Wow, I was totally completely flipping out today, it was bad. I could hardly pay attention in any of my classes, and I couldn't pay attention with Kelly and Emily during lunch. Heh, ohhh wellll. I'll be better tomorrow. Probably a lot sadder, but at least less psycho.  I really wish I could talk to Heather about something right now. I miss having her there to talk to. I've for sure...well, no, I haven't. Argh, such a hard situation. I think it may just be because of recent circumstances.  Haha, I have two new sayings now, "oh, fiddlesticks," and"Brilliant, absolutely brilliant!" Haha, I love saying those for some reason. Ah...beautiful!  Yeah, so I really have nothing else to type, except..oh, we listened to our CD of the last concert. It was actually, not bad! I was shocked! Completely blown away. everyone kept complimenting us, and I was like, "Nah, we really aren't that good at all." I heard us today, and we aren't bad! YaY!  OK, I think it's definitely time for bed. I'm getting into the "Highlands" stage. Thanks Brett. That's such a great term. Anyway, sleeeepy time for Catie. :) Hopefully, if I can sleep...without freaking out about results!!!  You know who it is, why bother sign it? :) XOXOYES! I made Wind Ensemble, and I'm so happy...except, not really. I wish.  They didn't have the results posted today! Argh. I'm so mad. They said, "We'll post them on Monday" and then today they say, "well, we're not quite done, we'll put them up tomorrow."  Argh.  Oh well, anyway. I must be off, just wanted to type about how frustrated I am that the results aren't out yet. :(Brilliant, absolutely brilliant!  Haha, I don't even know. I just had this huge urge to say that! Anyway, today's been better with thinking about the audition and stuff. I haven't thought about it as much, but yeah...dun dun dun.  Results come out tomorrow, but in the afternoon!!! Grrrrrrrrrr, that's so pooey. I just want to know for better, for worse.  Oh well, sucks to be me...except, not really. I like being me :)Wow, I was insane last night, and do you want to know why??? No, you already know why. I mentioned it 50 billion times last night. Ahhh...can't Monday come sooner??? PLEASE! Time is dragging by, and it's the weekend. Time on the weekend isn't supposed to drag by!  Well, I left for a while before finishing this to go read. I'm reading this book called Tangerine. I've read it like two times before, but, for some reason...I really like it. I don't know.  Anyway, there's nothing much else to write now. I don't think I'll end up doing anything today. My mom's leaving in a few hours for a business trip, so...yeah. Anyway, I think I'll go read more.Hm, haven't written in a while. Well, jazz cafe was last night. It was most excellent. I was really very surprised.. I wasn't expecting to have fun at all. I didn't even want to go. I danced all through JSO playing. It was super fun. Heh, anyway, I really have nothing more to say. I think I'm gonna go actually. I'll prolly write more later.   G'night you princes and princesses.  :)Wow, I am in such a better mood. I just talked to Christopher for like...2 hours. Man, I love that kid haha. He put me in the best mood. He's like my brother. It rocks like no other! :)  Goodnight you princes and princesses!  XOXOI just noticed...my entries have been getting more frequently sad. Because I've been more sad, or because I've actually been being honest with myself for once and admitting I'm upset?We go on...through the joy and through the tears. We go on...to discover new frontiers.....  I miss Disney Word so so much :(   I bet I'd be happy if I were there right now.You know what's pathetic?? The only thing I'm happy about right now is the fact that my dad made me dinner. It was so nice of him, and I just...I don't know, I can't handle ANYTHING right now. I really can't. I'm going to crack at someone...probably the next person to crack a joke about me or tease me. I'm SO FRICKING SICK OF IT. Yeah, it's funny sometimes, but today...it really got to me. Sometimes it really bothers me. I hate having people hate me for no reason when I've done nothing to them. What the heck did I do to him that's so terrible? Does he hate me because he's better at trumpet than me, because I suck at trumpet? Heh, probably. Gosh, why are some people such jerks too? "Yeah, he doesn't like you." I don't mean like like as a girlfriend, but just like as a person. That really really ticks me off. He has NO RIGHT to hate me. None. I've said maybe four true words to him in the time I've known him. Four words that actually mean something. Four words that aren't me joking around with him.  Why do people tell you that other people don't like you? What business is it of theirs? NONE! That's right...NONE! Absolutely possitively zip, zero, negative, nada, whatever! Just...none!! ARGH! I don't even know why I care so much, I barely know the kid, but, I guess it just bothers me that someone can dislike me when they don't know me at all.   No one knows me though.  There's no one like me....I wish I had a clone. I know I could tell everything to it, and have it not tell anyone. I'm listening to Reflections of Earth. It was our show for marching band my freshman year. It makes me incredibly sad every time I hear it. It  makes me want to cry, but...heh, a lot's been doing that today. What's scary though, is I know I'm actually upset and not just PMS'ing. I wish I were PMS'ing. It would explain a lot, but....no. I'm just plain mad, and I don't think there's anything anyone can do about it.   Man, this bites so bad. I don't like people right now. Not even myself. Maybe my mommy and daddy. I like my mom and dad.   I do like everyone, I'm just annoyed, and frustrated, and angry, and so many other things right now. I miss Disney world.   I don't like when people call me Norkus, I don't like when people poke fun at me all the time. Maybe that's why I don't trust anyone. Maybe that's why I feel like I can't tell anyone anything. Heh, I don't like not being able to tell anyone anything. I don't like waking up and realize the first class I have, I have to sit between two people who I don't particularily care for. I don't like that that person hates me. I don't like a lot of things.  This isn't anger toward anyone in particular, well...a few people, but only Nathan, and the person who hates me. But, that's it.  Man, abyss of nothingness, here I come.  I'm out.Off to bed! Haha, I finally finished my homework! YES! Sleepytime again for me! YaY!  I just wish there wasn't school tomorrow. :(  Goodnight you princes and princesses! :) I love the world!   XOXOYeah, it's kinda like that...                 But not really. :)    Haha, sorry. I really had no purpose for writing that. I'm just sort of avoiding doing this government crossword puzzle. Man, it's taking for fricking ever!!! Holy cow. It's not even funny. This thing is impossible, and it's worth more than the test. Heh. YaY government? RAR! OK, anyway, I think my weekend on average was pretty decent. I really didn't do all that much. Just kinda hung out. I cleaned my room though!! Like...really cleaned, I washed my floor (since it's hardwood) and cleaned all my furniture and everything! It's amazing. Except, it's all weird, because everything's all neat, and everything's where it's supposed to be. It's confuzzling. Ah, I love making up words. So much fun. It turns out I didn't have a gig according to Brandon. He better be right, haha. Yeah, so, umm, I think I was supposed to do something with Kathryn today, but...I ended up going to lunch and stuff. Oopsies. I hope she isn't too mad. I talked to her on the phone for a while, and she seemed ok, but...kinda mad since she knows about Joanne, Diane, and me going out to lunch. Eeks. Oh well, we'll do something this upcoming weekend. Haha. Coffee smells good. Matthew and I are talking about coffee. I think I'm the only person who doesn't actually like the taste of it. I like the smell though, so good enough. Can you tell I'm rambling? I know I can. I'm procrastinating like no other. Oh well...back to the drudgeries of doing homework. :(  XOXOI think I upset Diane. I asked her a lot of questions about being vegetarian today. I didn't mean for them to upset her. I've just never known anyone who is vegetarian so, I sort of wanted to know about it. I was just curious, that's all. I hope I didn't upset her. I hope she's jjust having a cranky day or something. Haha, no..I don't hope she's having a cranky day. I hope she's having a great day, but...she seems to be kind of upset. I just hope it wasn't me.Sometimes I really wish people didn't read this, and other times, I do. People actually hear..or see what I have to say with this thing, but...that's not necessarily a good thing. Hmmm, I'm talking with Andrew. Haha, he thinks I'm a creepy kid. This is funny.  Anyway, umm, I think I might have a jazz gig, but I have no clue.Eeks. Oh well, they can't blame me when I knew nothing about it! AHHH!  So, I went out to lunch with Diane and Joanne today. It was a lot of fun. I felt kind of bad though, because Diane and I were talking about all this marching stuff, and Joanne doesn't know about it and stuff. Every time I'm with band people I do that, and I really don't mean to, because I feel like I'm making people feel so left out when I do that. It was fun though, reminiscing. I kind of miss freshman year, but 'eh. Not that much. I like sophomore year too. It's cool. Hehe, anyway. Must be off. Heh, seriously, if I hadn't gone crazy years ago, I probably would now...  XOXOMmm...Sleepy time! I'm off to dream-land. I'll be dreaming...hopefully about you. :)OK, so it wasn't the title that was making the page long horizontally. 'Eh, I don't know. I can't be bothered to mess with it.I changed the title simply because it was making the page toooo long horizontally.Haha, you know...I was thinking, my diary thing-a-ma-bobber title is really not fitting. My life isn't really crazy, or mixed-up, or...oh, wait! It is boring! Haha, ok, I'll keep the title. Anyway, hm...I'm just thinking while cleaning my room. Why am I cleaning at this hour you ask? Well...honestly, I don't know. Probably because I'm going to lunch with Joanne and Diane tomorrow and I can't go unless my room is clean. Yeah...that's why. So, anyway...I was thinking...I feel really bad for not telling people much. I want to tell them, but is there anything to tell? What can I tell when there is nothing? Or is there? Is there stuff that I'm just avoiding calling stuff because I can't handle telling other people? I think the latter of the two is probably correct. I don't know...People keep telling me, "Yeah, you're always there for me, but what can I do for you??" I mean...that's so cool that people think I'm really there for them, and that I'm trustworthy, but, they begin to wonder after a while when they're doing all the talkng, and I'm doing all the listening. I wonder what is acceptable for me to tell people? I mean, is there a trusting people 12 step program? Wow, that'd be so cool. I really need that. I don't know. I try and try. I can almost bring myself to, but I just can't quite. I trusted Bryan with one of the most significant secrets ever a few weeks ago, but it was an, "after the fact" kind of secret. I told him who I liked before, but that was only after I liked the person, and that was reallllly really hard to tell. I can't even tell people who I USED to like, heaven forbid who I like now. Man, I don't know. Haha. That's the title of the little newsletter that a bunch of guys made up at school. It's actually pretty funny. I really honestly wonder what I can do to trust people more. I mean...I really do want to, but I fear so much that they will tell that I can't. I think I'll probably explode one day into a million trillion pieces. Haha. Alexander, Michelle, Brandon, and I have been doing this little chat room things lately. It's really quite funny. It's like one of the only things that made me happy today. I don't know why I just typed that. I didn't have an unhappy day, but, I obviously typed it for a reason, so...I'm leaving it. Teehee. I should really go back to cleanng. I don't want to be up until 3:00...again. Haha. I have to wake up at a reasonable hour too. Eeks. I'm listening to Sing Sang Sung right now. Wow, such a great song seriously. It makes me happy. Fer serious. Teehee. That's really fun to say/type. Oh well, I'm gonna go back to cleaning/listening to some sweet jazz. I still gotta hear the Love in the Tub or something like that song. Brandon and Alexander get a real kick out of it. Alexander found this sweet jazz music the other day. It's German. Ah, Germans. Tim...haha, he be cool. Anyway, I'm in a much better mood after writing! :)  Over and out!  If ya don't know who it is then you shouldn't be reading this anyway :)  XOXOYou know, I was just thinking, Harry Potter needs an invisibility cloak to get around Hogwarts at night, but, even though I have white hair, I'm still invisible to most. Most of the time I feel like second best, or third. With the exceptions of a few people, like Kelly and Emily for example. Yeah, they're best friends, but they ALWAYS make me feel like I'm just as important to both of them as they are to each other. But, then there's some people who seem to always make me feel like I'm not good enough. Like, "oh, I guess we'll call you after we make sure everyone else isn't busy." Argh. It's just not cool. I try to ignore it, but it's difficult. Oh well..just...a though.  XOXORAR! Cleaning is pooey!I didn't think I'd be this upset over my brother leaving. :( I'm really upset about it. He just left, and...I don't know. I'm going to miss him a lot. It just makes me sad to think how little time I really have left to spend with my family. I'll be going off to college in two years, and then start my own life, and my own family from there on. I'm one of very few people who actually enjoys spending time with my family. I really get along with them. They get me away from the shallow selfishness of High School. They have actual intelligent conversation. I'm just...sad :(Hm, ok, so, there really isn't anything else to do. So, I decided, I'd just keep typing until either my mommy calls or gets home. I'm going out to dinner with my family tonight. It's my brother's last night here before he goes to Australia tomorrow. I think I'm actually going to miss him a lot. He's there for me a lot, and I can actually talk to him. It's kind of surprising. :( Oh well, at least I'll have my bathroom to myself, but that's not enough. I'd rather have my brother here I think. I don't know, I've just gotten so much closer to him in the last few months and stuff.   Anyway, back to non-depressing stuff. Oh wait, my day was sad. Haha, not totally actually, just my speech. It was so bad. I'm never practicing for a speech again. It messed me up. That, and bringing my whole outline up there with me. Oh well, I don't think I really wanna talk about it/write any more about it. Too painful to think of.  I wore a skirt. I like skirts, but I don't. It's weird. Anyway, my mom just called. She's on her way home from the airport, YaY! I'm off to....I don't know, get a life.  Byebye!Still can't get to it. the servers are too busy. I can sign in and stuff, but I can't put an entry in. Poo.Oh my gosh. Professor Semanic can eat flamingo poo! ARGH! I DID let him know I wasn't going to be there for jazz cafe with an e-mail, and he wasn't able to do it anyway! What the heck is that mans problem? He has a huge one. RAR! Sorry, just a little angry. I don't think he's fair or justified, and he's yelling at us for not having consistency in rehearsals and...heh, guess what? HE CANCELLED FOR THE NEXT TWO WEEKS! Wow that man makes me mad, but...yeah, oh well. I can't write in my real diary because I can't get to it. My real diary is online, but...it's locked and whatnot...so, yeah. I can't get to it, that makes me mad too. :( Oh well, I think I'll go try again.Oh yeah, that gig last night, did NOT do wonders for my self esteem. It loweered it. Stupid gig, we did horribly. RAR! Anyway, the gig tonight went well and all. It was kinda fun. Kelly drove me, and on the way home we stopped at McDonald's. It was so cool! So, we got some chow, and then rode home listening to the soundtrack to Now and Then. We sang really loudly and I danced. It was soooo fun!! I love Kelly S. I love Kelly C too! Kellys just rock my world basically!   Anyway, I swear, I really will stop writing in here.     Maybe?Yeah, so, today was pretty ordinary.  Hmmm, I don't even remember half of what I did today. I was so out of it. Haha, i wore my black hoodie with the hood up, and nobody could recognize me at first because they usually go by the hair. I also looked pretty stoned. Like, five people this morning told me I looked stoned. It was funny.   Oh, the juniors might have to take the ACT all over again. Man, that'd suck so much. Supposedly four ACT answer booklets were stolen. they had an assembly about it and everything. It's all pretty messed up.  Man, I hate group work so much in math. It's the most messed up thing in the world. GRRRR!   I completely lucked out on my government packet today. I don't really wanna explain how, but...I felt I needed to thank someone for letting me get 33/35 when I did the packet after the tes right before we graded it in ten minutes. Too much to explain, but it was excellent. Anyway, I think I'm sick of typing in this public area again, so...I think I'm going for the whole private diary again. I still type in there, but i also type in here. I think maybe I'll just type in there from now on, because two entries is too much for a lazy person like me.OK, so, I'm indecisive. I decided that I wouldn't stop writing in here, well...for now. I just decided to write in here today instead of my actual journal. Who knows why? My mind works in mysterious ways.  Anyway, school was ok today, nothing too special. I saw a lot of my friends, and had a good talk with Emily over lunch. I think Dave saw that one entry in here, because he's been a lot nicer to me in the past couple days, or at least since Jazz Cafe. Maybe he's just gone back to his old self. I really hope so. I missed the old Dave. He was so different from most guys. RAR, guys are pooey.   But, yeah, anyway, I didn't do much this past weekend. The only real thing I did was hang out with Chris, jim, and Alex. It was actually a lot of fun. Haha, Alex's mom fed us dinner. It was really good. Then we went to Chris's to watch Swimfan and the Matrix, which I hadn't seen. Wow, that's such an awesome movie. I usually don't like those types of movies, but I liked this one. It was so cool!   I have to go soon. We've got a gig at Ellsworth Elementary. It'll be fun. I wonder if we get to see the kids play. That'd be so cool. It'd do wonders for my self esteem.   Eeps, anyway, I'm outta here.   Actually, before that, I heard this really mean saying the other day that I thought was funny, but...argh, it was so mean. I feel terrible for laughing at it. They said, "I'm outta here like the fat kid in dodgeball."  That's terrible, is it not? I still can't believe I laughed then, I feel so mean.  Anyway, I am out of here. I probably wont write again tonight considering the amount of homework I have.   Goodnight you princes and princesses! :)Well, I think I'm going to stop writing in here because I found a good site to write, where no one can see it, so...I'll actually write what I need to, and what I want to. I may start writing in here again at some point, but...'eh, I highly doubt it.It's weird. I hate eating in front of other people. I always feel so guilty. I don't know why. I eat so much at home. I should be like, half the size of mexico.Yeah, so...I spent the evening with Chris. It was fun. I think he thinks I'm really annoyed with him though, and I'm not at all. I'm jujst annoyed with most people right now, and I'm irritable. I can't wait for summer to come. I NEED summer. Hmmm. Oh well, haha, we went to chili's. It was interesting. I haven't been there in so long. I got this really big dessert. Haha, so good...but....too much. I think I'll go running tomorrow.   But, anyway...that's really all I want to say right now because I can't really type everything I need to in this journal.   Byebye.I beat the system. I'm supposed to be researching for a speech, and I couldn't get on here from the school computer at first, but I can now. YES! Ahahaha, I beat the system. I'm typing in here, and I'm not supposed to be during school. I'm a rebel!!!Well, since blogger is DUMB, my entry for today got deleted.   Stupid blogger.  Oh well, I really don't feel like typing it again so, I wont.  Maybe I'll write more later.  Bye.I'm not intelligent I'm not pretty I'm not funny I'm not a slut I don't like most people I'm not nice I'm too loud but too quiet I'm too untrusting I'm selfish  Please, if you think of anymore...let me know.What's so wrong with me?Today, was good overall. Yes, very good.  :)  Turn the faucet off baby See we're floodin' the floor now What a shame  Drown the neighbors out baby Our little love tub's out the door No more rap, nor more dub The steam Is almost hidin' you away In our tub of love here I'll scrub all over you and you can scrub... All over me  Just move your leg a bit  And I'll move mine We'll get so clean Our love is lookin' fine  I'm shining now and so are you In our tub of love, life is new We're almost perfect now, me and you.  I really don't take those words in a sexual nature. They just make me think. Sure, they could be meant in a sexual way but, I didn't take them that way.  So, yeah. There's no one right now thankfully I think. I'm kind of glad I don't like anyone. I don't have to feel all awkward around people, and it's just so much more complicated when I do like someone.  I'm really avoiding my science lab. I wish I could have gone to Kohl's with Brandon. Oh well. I talked to Chris on the phone for a bit, and still avoided doing my lab.   I've been talking to Erica a lot the past few days. It's been nice. Anyway...must go actually do homework. :(  Poo.  Bye.OK, Chris isn't mad at me, but...I'm still sort of down. I don't know why. I truly don't. I'm sure there's some reason deep down inside and I just don't realize it, but...ARGH! It's super annoying.Dag nabbit. I think Chris is mad at me now because I'm an idiot and was short with him last night because I was in a bad mood. I wasn't mad at him, just...maf in general. Argh, oh well.Talked to Kathryn on the phone for a bit. I needed it. I'm glad she was home. :)  I think I'm going to call someone. I don't want to be alone tonight.I'm lonely. No one around to talk to, to hug, to just be with. Being with a big group of people wont help it. I'll still feel alone deep inside. It's hard to understand. I need just the right person to be with right now, and I don't even know who it is. I just, need to be with someone I can trust, someone I really care about. I  think I want to spend tonight with Joanne and Kathryn and Kelly and Mary Clare. I need people I can talk to, have real conversations with, cry around without feeling stupid. I need a shoulder, and yet...nothing is there. Just air.The air I need to live, the air I need to breathe, and yet...it's doing nothing for me right now. I'm still sad. People just distract me from it for a bit.I just took a shower. I love showers. They always make me feel so good.    Today is going to be a good day!! No matter what!You know....Diane really is an amazing person. She's terrific at cheering me up. So is Joanne. And that's all I've got to say about that.Well, I'm less angry now after having talked with a certain someone. Thanks a lot. You know who you are. I don't know. I think I just needed to talk to a specific type of person tonight. I'm glad I'm not so angry anymore though. I don't even know why. I don't get it. I mean, I was super angry, and just so dissapointed with the world, and so annoyed. I'm sure this will all be better tomorrow though.  Goodnight??????? - (1:31:56 AM): hell your like the best person i know  One of those people is doing a darn good job of cheering me up. Thank you.The only people I'd even want to talk to right now are my mom, Ryan, and Alex.I'm sick of it all. I'm done with this.I don't get why I'm so angry/annoyed with some people and perfectly ok with others.Darnit. I am so angry and dissapointed, and sad right now. It's not cool.You know who the coolest person in the world is? Someone who's so special they deserve an award? Ryan. Ryan Dewitt. Thanks Ryan. I love you!Oh yeah, I found out Peter doesn't hate me like no other. I'm glad. I don't like thinking that people hate me. Not a good feeling.The last few days have been ok. Just kind of chillin. I'm sick though, and I've been feeling like crap all week, so, I finally stayed home because I had no huge obligations. Thank goodness. I'm starting to feel better just from getting some actual sleep.  I had marching, "tryouts" both Wednesday and Thursday Yesterday was basics. It wasn't nearly as hard as I thought it was going to be, thank goodness. I'm actually kind of glad I stuck with marching, and promised my mom I'd do it. We watched the senior movie with the song, "We Go On," in it. It's a song from my Freshman year show. It always makes me so sad.  Anyway, scariest conversation ever last night. I was talking to Chris, and he's like, "What if I just told you how I really felt about you?"  I started flipping out, because I couldn't tell if he was serious or not, because I couldn't hear his voice, and I was like, "Ah, he's already had a crappy week, how the heck am I supposed to say this nicely."  And, someone asked me later that night, when we were talking about people we like, "Why don't you just go out with Chris?"   I don't think people get that we're just good friends and nothing more. I don't think I could ever go out with Chris. Ever. It'd be way too weird, and...ick. Just...no. No offense to him of course. I mean, he feels the same way, so....people, just...forget it. Chris and I don't like each other, and never will. Well, like as more than friends. I'm just sick of it.  I wish people could realize that just because I have guy friends, doesn't mean I like them, or want to go out with them. I had a conversation with Bryan about it. It's actually really easy to talk to Bryan. I'm glad he's my friend. And no, I don't like Bryan as more than a friend.  Enough said. You get my point. Byebye.I was reading a past entry of mine, and I said how I could never forgive him for what he did to her. I don't think it's my place to forgive in the first place. It's her's. I certainly don't think what he did is right, nor do I condone it, and certainly I would kick his scrawny butt if he ever did anything to hurt her again, but it's still not my place to forgive.  I doubt anyone's going to understand this entry at all, but I needed to write it for my own personal well-being.I put that conversation with Katharine in here because it makes me happy. It jut made me feel really special, and it will be good for me to look at when I feel sad. Who knows if she really meant it though? Maybe she does that with everyone. Oh well. I really don't know.  My head hurts, and my nose hurts, and my eyes hurt from rubbing them.  I just hurt!  Dumb colds. My mom gave me her cold she had for the past weekend, and I have an eye doctor appointment tomorrow. Those aren't good to have when your eyes are watering alll over the place! :(  Oh well, not much to say about today. It was pretty boring. I'm doing marching band down I think. Brandon got section leader, but...so did Peter. It's confusing. Brandon got section leader for marching, and Peter got it for music or something. It's all very confusing.I guess Brandon's highter in the chain of command though, which is good because Peter hates me like no other.  Ah, too much to do at once.  Nothing more iinteresting to say anyway.  Byebye! :)  Overall mood for the day: HappyLokiluna13 (9:47:21 PM): You love me! YaY!!!! Lokiluna13 (9:47:26 PM): no, seriously...happiest day ever wackokatharine (9:47:34 PM): of course i love you! wackokatharine (9:47:45 PM): seriously, i think you're like, the coolest kid ever Lokiluna13 (9:48:35 PM): haha, naw. There's so many cool people at central wackokatharine (9:49:14 PM): but not as cool as you wackokatharine (9:49:17 PM): because youre smart wackokatharine (9:49:19 PM): and youre in band wackokatharine (9:49:27 PM): and you dont care what other people think about you wackokatharine (9:49:32 PM): and youre not a whore wackokatharine (9:49:36 PM): and youre nice to everyoneCan't he tell she doesn't want to talk to him? Doesn't want to have anything to do with him? He's called three times, and she hasn't called back. Guys really don't get it.   I just can't possibly forgive him for what he did to her.   Oh well.  I give up. High school relationships truly suck. The only relationship I believe in, and probably will ever believe in during high school is John and Joannes.Why can't good things happen to good people?  That's my lifelong question.You know what. Screw it. It's not worth it. People should like me for me. Not because I work at getting them to like me.A friend of mine has this on her profile. "Sometimes, all you need is one person to care and the world wont seem so cruel."   I just really wish I had that one person.YaY! Bruce Almighty was pretty funny. It was fun to go see it with Kathryn. We went to Overweis, and talked about stuff. Unfortunately, it wasn't good stuff. It just...kind of hurts sometimes to have no one like you. No one care for you.   Everyone teases me. EVERYONE. I get kind of sick of it sometimes. I like it sometimes, because it is a lot of attention, but then there's those times when it really truly hurts. I hate when people make fun of me because I can't see well. You want to make fun of me for it? Then fix it! I know I can't see well. It wasn't exactly my choice, so...back OFF! Argh. Even when I tell people not to. They stop for a bit, then go right back to it. Tell me, why is it so easy to pick on me? Why? What is it about me that makes it so incredibly easy? I mean, I'm certainly not miss America, but I'm a pretty good person for the most part. I try to be nice, and honest, and have good morals, and people just keep shooting me down. Why try to be a good person when all people do is shoot you down? What's the point? I'll tell you something. There is none. I like being me, but it's hard sometimes to do the right thing when everyone still makes fun of you. I don't see people who do wrong things get shot down. It's cool now to go get drunk on a Friday night. It's cool to have STD's because you've had sex with however many people. It's cool to be mean, and heartless. Well, heh, cool people suck I guess.  I'm really just sick of it all. I respect very few people at my school. I can't wait for summer to come to be through with it. Then, the next year, I can go back and do it all over again. Dislike people all over again. Be upset over how people do wrong things CONSTANTLY all over again.   I want to stay in Michigan. I want to be away from it all. I want to not see almost everyone here. I know I wont respect the people there anymore, but, it'll take longer because I don't know them. I don't know that some of them actually have the potential to be good people. I don't know that some of them just do it to be popular.  For what? For four years of true misery? For four years of hating yourself but loving the attention? For four years of wasting your time on people you probably wont see again?  Some four years.Today's been kind of a bummer. I'm in a bummed out mood, and I really want to see him. I know I shouldn't like him, and maybe I don't really, but...man, it feels like I do. I'd like to do something with him outside of school. I think he'd be pretty fun to hang out with. Oh well. Tonight I'm going to see Bruce Almighty with Kathryn hopefully. It'll be a fun time. YaY! Everyone seems so busy, and my weekend seems SO boring. I'm not sure why, but...'eh. What I want is to see someone I can't, and that doesn't hwlp things.   Yesterday was a good day. School was pretty boring as usual, and then last night I went to One Acts with Kelly, Kathryn, and Joanne. It was really funny, and Mary Clare tugged her ear FIVE times to say hello to us up on stage. :) It was neato. During intermission we went down where a bunch of band people were, and there must have been somethin in the air, because we were all acting CRAZY! Wooo! Anyway, it was fun and...yeah, now I'm off to go to the movies with Kathryn! Woo hoo.  Byebye.I'm not sure what kind of mood I'm in. She said it was no big deal, but...I still think she's mad at me. She said not to worry about her, and...I guess I'll try. I just care about her, and never ever want to say anything that would make her upset. :( I need to think.Wow, so, yes. Yesterday was fun. i went the whole school day without talking. It was interesting. I get $20 though. YaY! But, yeah, I couldn't write down that I was in a bet with someone, or speak obviously, so...I had to get one person to guess. Luckily after that one person guessed it was easier, because I got him to tell some people, etc. It was fun. So, then I went home, couldn't find my dress for the concert and freaked out. Haha. I found it eventually, but...still. Um, I went to the concert, and it was fun. We didn't suck horribly shockingly. I was amazed. Concert band was ok. Kristen and I sat there and found six good things about them. 1.) Red bow ties, 2.) Recognizeable melody, 3.) Good beat, 4.) When they stood up, they made this arch type thing, tallest in the middle, and shortest going out, 5.) Mr. S! 6.)Hmmm, I do not remember. Oh well. We did come up with six.   So, it was fun overall, but, I was glad to get home and sleep. It was exciting. I actually slept the whole night without waking up once. I was so tired I guess.   Today was ok. Just a pretty normal day until marching. Well, actually...marching was pretty normal too, but...yeah. We just did washington post, like we do every parade, and then went outside and marched for a bit. Fun stuff, 'eh? Hmmm. Brandon drove me home, and here I am. Heh.  I feel terrible though. I have this joke with my friend. She's incredibly skinny, and it's this joke about her being fat, and complaining about it and whatnot, but...I didn't think before I put this joking away message on that said how I don't like when people who are skinny think they're fat, but...I really didn't think before I spoke, or...wrote I guess. So, of course someone who I really hadn't intended to hurt, or even direct that toward saw it, and...I think she got upset. I was looking at her away message, and she seemed kind of upset, so...I looked at her diary thing, and I saw. I just, feel so terrible I tried calling her but she's eating dinner. I really need to talk to her and straighten this out, because it wasn't ablout her. Argh. I REALLY need to be more careful of what I say. Heh, this gives me a good example for my speech on how people need to think before they say things though.    Yes, she got online. Phew!Well, I had a pretty busy day. Lots to write about, but I'm just so exhausted I can't right now. I Will write about it tomorrow. Wow, lots of, "writes" and, "rights" Wheee. Yeah ok, I'm too tired. Byebye.You know. Heh, kind of funny what this all makes me think. He's actually never ever had the right to do that. He's never earned it. He's had so much time, and nope, it's more important. It'd probably take him twice the time he's known me to earn the right.  I do realize no one has any idea what I'm talking about. I guess it's a good thing.Argh!!!!!! Get AWAY from me you jerk! Get away, get away, get away. I don't like you now. I don't want to speak to you right now. I don't want to speak to you for a VERY loooong time. I know I will in a few days, but for now, STAY THE HECK AWAY FROM ME! I'm not gong to say I hate you because I'll probably regret it later, but...I certainly feel like saying that. YUCK! GET AWAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!! I seriously just need to get that out. It's not all out yet. I'm still extremely mad, and extremely annoyed, and EXTREMELY upset.   Who are you to tell me that when you can't even control your OWN life? Who are you to tell me that when you are in absolutely no condition to? Who are you? Huh? I'll tell you who you are. A huge jerk. Yeah, you tell me this when you have the right to, and I'll listen. Tell me now, I'll come close to hurting you. BACK OFF!!!Well, today was an ok day.  Band was normal, except for being in the auditorium, which stinks because it's so warm under the lights in there. Music Theory, thank god he didn't talk. I couldn't have handled it today. Chem, we did a lab, blah blah blah, nothing interesting. Health, we went over the female reproductive system and whatnot. This girl Kat in my class is fearless. She asks questions noone would even THINK about asking. And she shared some...umm, interesting facts about herself that I didn't need to know. Let's just put it this way. before she left she said, "Well, now that you all know my menstruel cycle." Eeks.  Speech was boring. We took a quiz dealy thing and such. I have to change my topic for persuasive because I can't get enough sources. Heh, my speech is Friday too. :(  Lunch was normal. Math we took a reallly hard quiz, and gov. was fun as always. Right before government though, like, in the hall on the way, I got into one of my quiet modes. I'm not unhappy or sad, or even angry, I just feel like being quiet. Everyone gets all scared when I go into my quiet mode though and always ask what's wrong twenty thousand times. Oh well.  I'm going to go make my dinner now, so...yes. Goodbye.Oooo, someone bet me that I couldn't be quiet for a whole day of school. I'm definitely taking the challenge. Definitely. Ahahahaha. It will be most excellent. Seriously. The only trouble with be explaining this to people.I feel like being quiet. It's always so funny when I feel like being quiet. People always ask me, "What's wrong?" "Are you ok?" Catie! What happened?" Nothing. I'm perfectly fine, perfectly happy, and...perfectly quiet. It's ok to be quiet isn't it? People act like it's a sin. Dag nabbit, just let me be quiet. Hehe. Anywho, I'm off to go eat dinner/do something constructive...maybe?I'm going to smile like nothing's wrong, talk like everything's perfect, act like it's just a dream, and pretend its not hurting me...because one day it won't and everything will be ok.We come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly.Talking to Christy right now. It's actually really awesome. I miss her. I can trust her so much it's unbelievable. She's probably the single most trustworthy person to ever be in my life other than my mom.So, yeah, I didn't end up doing anything. Oh well, I guess it happens. I guess I just didn't want to spend my Saturday night alone. Argh. I wish I could drive. That would be really nice. Being able to drive would be a total escape for me. I could go places by myself and not bring anyone else, or have to get a ride from anyone else. It would be so super nice. *Sigh* I just want summer to come. I want to go to Michigan. I want to feel the sand beneath my feet, and the cool waves splash against my legs. :I want to walk alone along the beach at sunset. I just want to be by myself in a beautiful place. I think I'm going to go read now...  Bye...Haha, yes. Khaki Tuesday is a keeper.Haha, I changed it again. Wow, this is fun. Wheeee. OK, I think I'm definitely having WAY too much fun.I got a new template. It's an ok template, but I love the name of it. "Aliens Stole My Wallet." Haha, I guess I'm easily amused.Life seems pretty good right now. I have a lot of homework, but other than that, life seems good. I think I'm going out later. YaY! I'm not spending my Saturday night alone.So, I went to Michaels to get my shirt for Chemistry and the whole Ty-Dyeing thng. I wanted to get a long sleeved one, but I couldn't find one. :( Oh well, such is life. I wonder what I'll do tonight...Diane-Orange Derek-Red Kelly-Red Matthew-Orange Kristen-Orange Joanne-Yellow Mary Clare-Sky blue Brett-Blue Emily-Yellow Dave-Sepia Bryan-Bright yellow Chris-Orange Brandon-Green Me-Brown  I wanted to remember what color everyone has said so far, so I'm writing them down.Haha. Wow, I was SUCH a loser as a child. It amazes me. I'm still a loser, but man....  Alphabetizing crayons. Wow. Psh.So, yes, I'm waiting for my cake to be done in the oven. I got this very strange urge to bake. Weird, yes? Well, anyway, I feel like typing so I guess I'll just write about my day. It was pretty average.   Wind Ensemble, did nothing. Alstadt just talked about the paintball thing. I don't think I'm going. No siree. Those paintballs hurt I bet! Besides, Then music theory, I didn't have my composition with me, and Alstadt gave me this look. Man is he good at making me feel guilty. He can seriously make anyone feel guilty. OK, maybe I'm just a wimp and he makes me feel guilty, but still. I hate it. It drives me crazy. He shouldn't be allowed to make me feel so terrible. He's not as bad as Mr. Semanic though.   Alstadt also did something else pretty crummy today. I'm really losing faith in him. They finally had the B auditions, and Brett didn't get first chair. Matt did. Now, that's pretty messed up considering Brett used to be in Wind Symphony, and probably should have been this year. Matt really isn't all that good. No offense, but...he really isn't. He's ok, but Brett deserved first chair more. I think Mr. A just gave Matt first chair because his parents are in Band Boosters and whatnot. It's all pretty sad.   But what dissapointed me more than Alstadt was Matt. Matt's pretty good friends with Brett, and yet, after school, Matt kept telling everyone and basically rubbing it in. Right after school he came up to me and said, "Hey, go make fun of Brett." I, of course ask, "Why?" and he says, "Because I beat him for first chair, he's pretty mad, go make fun of him!" What? Go make fun of him? Matt, what are you ON? Why would you do that to a friend? Why, that's really mean. He obviously feels bad. Rubbing it in isn't going to exactly make it all better. You have a strange way of cheering people up.   Brett's such a nice kid. I wish there were more people like Brett in the world. I really think we'd be better off. Oh well. Such is life.  Wow, anyway, Chemistry was boring. I completely bombed that chemistry test yesterday. Whoops. Oh well, I guess it has to happen once this semester. I've actually been doing well in chemistry, actually been doing my homework. I usually can't bother to do homework. I think it's because Mr. K scares me SO much. He yells a lot, and...eeeks. Diane and I really don't like him sometimes. He's a meany pooface.   Hm, Health was ok. Kelly and I made up a story about hepatitis. Hehe. It was about a kid named Johnny who got hepatitis from shooting Heroin. It was fun to write. I love Kelly. She's so...I don't know. She really puts me in a good mood when I see her. YaY for Kelly. Hmmm, we also talked about pregnency in Health, and problems during pregnency. It was actually kind of a downer. Grr.  Speech, we did nothing. Dani and I played with the silly puddy I made in Chemistry (forgot to say we made silly puddy. Mine was blue. YaY!) I did ok on my speech yesterday. She said it was my best yet, but...I got marked down for my time. I went under the time limit. Grrr. Oh well. Hmmm, I talked to Will about Finding Nemo. He's such a cool kid. He really makes me smile. He's so honest too. He'll tell you exactly what he's thinking. I guess that's not good in some situations, but at least he's honest.  Lunch was good. Joanne and John sat with us, and Scott, and Mary Clare. Wow...lots more people I like. I can totally be myself around Joanne. I can joke and be silly with her, but I also really trust her. I'm not sure why, but I do. John. Well, I actually don't know John that well sadly, but Joanne certainly likes him. Wow does she like him. :) Hehe. Scott's just always a cool kid. It was his birthday. Joanne and I sang for him. Whoopi! Mary Clare is ALWAYS so cheerful. She always makes me smile. NO MATTER WHAT! She's also really honest, like Will, and she's funny. Then of course, Kelly and Emilly and Brett were there. I've already said Kelly rocks my world. Emily's so nice, and...she's just always happy too. She cheers me up a lot, and she's really trustworhy. Brett is such a nice guy. He's a gentleman, and you don't see many nice guys anymore. I wish there were more. *Sigh* Oh well. I just love my lunch gang. They are all so awesome. I always leave lunch feeling good, even when we have a big debate, like today. We were debating about abortion and the death penalty. It was fun.   So, then math. Blah. I brought Kristen's math book by accident so I had to ask mr. Madsen if I could go back to my locker. Eeeek, he scares me. He just gives me this look and says, "If you MUST," like always. So, while I'm in there, I run into Chris G., and he says he'll fix my locker for me. Another gentleman! YES! He seems like such a nice kid, but I don't know him too well. So, the rest of math I just sat and did this review packet. I actually knew what I was doing. Shock shock.  Government, we took a test. I don't know how I did on it. I feel I did ok. I know I missed at least 1, and we got the quiz back from yesterday that I thought I bombed. 11/13. Not bad. Not bad. Also...we got our test scores back from like...a week ago that he's been telling us for days he would "bring them tomorrow." Yeah, I got an A on it. YES! I felt so happy. It was awesome, because I got a higher grade than both Kelly and Kathryn, and they're SO smart. It drives me crazy. I guess it felt good to be the best for once.  So, that was my...umm...crazy day? Haha, I'm asking Dave about punctuation now. It's really not my strong suit.   Man, I hate having such poor punctuation skills. It's pooey!! Grrrr.   Maybe I'll write more later. I actually had fun writing for once. YaY! Wow, I love saying YaY!  X o X o The Brown Crayon X o X oI'm glad I'm secure enough with myself to be able to stay at home on a Friday night without feeling bad.OK, so, I've come to the conclusion that if I were a crayon, I'd be brown. I feel bad for the brown crayon. Nobody likes the brown crayon except a few. No one really respects the brown crayon. They all need it at one point or another though, to draw a tree or brown hair, and they don't realize how useful the brown crayon is. Really, how many times have you really thought how much the brown crayon is used? And yet, no one likes it. The brown crayon will probably explode someday from so many rejections, and it will be terrible. All the little kids always go for the pretty colors. Blue, purple, pink, but it's not the appearence of the crayon so much. It's how useful it is. What it does. The brown crayon is helpful, and is always there even though all the kids reject it.   I get philisophical when I'm tired....or just very weird. :)Things have actually been going ok this week. The week is going by really fast thankfully, but I know next week will drag by SO MUCH! I don't really feel like typing anything right now, so...maybe I'll write more later. I have to go make my dinner anyway.I miss Victoria. I miss how she would always come when I called her. I miss how she'd do anything for me. I miss how she would sleep with me every night. I miss how she would only come for me, and how she only liked me. I miss how everyone would say, "Catie, go get Victoria, you're the only one who can get her." I miss how she ALWAYS sensed when I was sad, from anywhere in the house and would come find me to cheer me up. I miss my cat. MY cat. She was truly mine, and she loved me. She loved me for what I am. She didn't want to change me. She didn't want to make me any different at all. She loved me for being me.   I don't miss that I found her lying on the floor dead. What a horrible way to lose something you love SO much. I really miss her. She'd be hear listening to me, crying with me, cuddling with me. I can't believe I'm letting myself think about it again. After I found her lying there, motionless, I wouldn't let myself think of it. I couldn't. :( Why am I doing this to myself? Crying wont make her come back. The one thing that truly loved me and was completely devoted to me.  Feels like I just fell face forward and a piece of that glass was wedged into my heart.I would love people to just answer this question honestly. What's wrong with me? Why can't I seem to get anyone to like me other than Matt? Really? I don't understand. I really don't. I think I'm a pretty decent person, but maybe I'm just fooling myself. Maybe I've been fooling myself all the time. I'm never going to find someone. Never. There's not even one person who's remotely interested in me. Everyone seems to find someone, and I get to hear all about it, and...heh. Wow. I love that people trust me, and tell me stuff but...I guess, it just hurts when I realize that no one's talking about me to someone. No one likes me, has ever liked me, or will ever like me.   Right now, the glass is not just half empty, it's empty and shattered.So, what to do, what to do. I don't know. I don't even know what I'm thinking. Life seems very confusing right now. Michigan. Michigan. Michgan. I just need to keep thinking of it, and I'll be happy. :)Haha. OK, so Angie and I made up a good analogy.  Abstinence is like Thanksgiving dinner. You don't eat anything all day because you know dinner will be really really good.  YaY for abstinence!My head says no but my heart says yes. I can't follow my heart though. It will end in pain and humiliation. I know it will.Even if I did like him, there's nothing I would ever do about it. Why am I such a chicken?SO, my day yesterday. Hmmmm. It was good.   We had commencement rehearsal, which was ok. We got doughnuts and juice witch was really nice of Mr. S and Mr. A to get us. Hmmm, band was ok. Mr. Alstadt thought finals started yesterday haha. So, we just took our final. I just wanted to get it over with. Then, in Music Theory we had a study hall thing. I finally signed Chris' yearbook. That took me pretty much the whole period since we were listening to music, and I was talking to Kelly at the same time. Hmmm, Chemistry was the usual boring. We just did a bunch of pointless problems. Yikes. I'm glad we get to have an 8 1/2/11" sheet of paper with us for the final. Health was ok. We just talked about contraceptives. Haha. It's so funny, Kelly and I constantly talk in that class. I mean, we never stop, but Ms. Madden never says anything.   Speech was ok. They had the final speeches and whatnot. I'll miss my speech class definitely. Fun times, well...except for the whole giving the actual speech thing...  Lunch was ok. It was kind of funny, we went outside and inside like four times because it was sort of rainy and we couldn't decided where to sit. We ended up sitting inside on the floor for our last day of lunch together. It kind of made me sad. We've got this whole big group of people now, and it's so much fun and...I love lunch. Oh well. I think it was fitting that we sat on the floor. I actually like it. It makes me feel like it's our own space.   Math was boring boring boring. We just went over the review packet more. The people in my class are such meanies though. Grrr. Oh well. Then Government we played jeopardy and I got all the questions I was asked right! I was very happy. I actually knew most of the stuff he asked. It was amazing. So, then, after school, I decided to clean out my locker and stuff. So, Brandon and Katharine and Alex were there and we were just hanging out. It was so funny. We locker Brandon and Alex each in a locker, and Kelly came up, and we were just laughing so hard. We didn't let them out for a long time.   Then, Peter G. came in with this weird kid named Tyler. Wow, what a creeeptacular kid. Majorly creeptacular. And like, he'd go away and keep coming back. Yikes, scary. Kelly and I were really scared of him haha, and I was helping Kelly carry stuff out to her car, the kid's like, wow, I've fallen madly in love with you both. Oh, and Kelly and I were talking about how it's unfair that guys can take off their shirts when they get hot like during marching and stuff and he's like, "girls can do that too." And we're like..."ummm, no" And he goes, "I hang out with girls all the time who take off their shirts. At 9:00 when they're at my house they do it."   Wow, what a scary kid.  So, after I got home and away from the scary kid who invited Kelly and me over like...15 times...I ate a really quick dinner then went to see Finding Nemo with a whole big group. It was awesome. Me, Kelly, Jessi, Spike, Emily, Kathryn, and Mary Clare. It was the coolest EVER. Such a funny movie. I'm going back to see it tomorrow. Haha, I laughed, I cried, I came close to screaming. Truly. Kelly can testify to that one. Haha. Like, when a scary shark would come, I'd gasp and like, stand up in my seat. I bet Kelly thought it was funny. Haha. I think I would laugh too if I would have seen me. Then we went to Chilli's, but the wait was like, 45 minutes, so we went to Oberweis instead. I got a strawberry Banana smoothie. Mmmm. It was so very very tasty. I loved it. I didn't feel like ice cream so I got that and I'm glad I did. On our way in there these guys whistled at us, and when we were sitting outside eating, another group of guys in a car made provocative noises. It was so funny, because Kathryn, so out of character, just turns around and makes the noise they made right back at them. Then they honked as they were leaving. It was so funny. Good times. Then there was this car waiting in the lot, and this guy was trying to freak us out by making barfing noises, and it was...ew, gross. So, on his way out, Kelly, Kathryn, and I all waved to him at the exact same time. So fun. I'm going to get myself shot someday probably but I live in Naperville for now so...maybe not.   Anyway, my evening was quite fun and I actually woke up at a decent hour today. I finished my book, took a shower, and now I'm going to try, TRY being the operative word there, to study. :)They say this is the best time of your life, and I don't necessarily doubt it but there's some pretty crappy stuff that goes along with it.OK, so, I'm super tired, and super anxious to get back to reading my good book right now so, I'm remindng myself to write about this stuff later.  -My day -Cleaning out my locker/after school adventure -Tyler -Going to Finding Nemo -Kathryn's little outburst at the boys in the car  :)Mmmmm, peanut butter and jelly bagel from Einsteins! I'm definitely going to get one this summer!  Hmmm, my day was ok. Seemed kind of long with the assembly and everything.  Rehearsal for commencement was ok. We don't sound too bad. Dan didn't show up. Darn. I was so sad. Well, not really. In band we just signed yearbooks still. I didn't have many people sign mine. Kind of funny how I don't know many people in my band. I didn't know a lot of the seniors when we went down the line and shook their hands yesterday. Basically just Allie and Katie, and Danny, and Max. Music theory was of course, boring!!! I loathe that class so much. So so very much. I only like it because I sit with my friends. Chemistry was ok. We got our tye-dye shirts back. Mine wasn't great, but it was ok. Diane's was extremely good. I'm glad. I think it made her feell good since everyone was like, "Whoa, Diane, yours is SO perfect! It was cool. We talked about stuff with Kathryn and whatnot. Diane understands my fear. I'm scared and I haven't gone through it. Not many people seem to understand why I'm so so worried for Kathryn. I don't want him to hurt another one of my friends. Not again. I can't take it.  Then we went to the assembly and I was going to sit with Diane, but then Carrie came, and...when we went in the bleachers I wasn't even sitting next to Diane. Not that there's anything wrong with Carrie. She's really really nice from the few times I've talked to her, but then I saw Kathryn and I wanted to talk with her so I sat with Kathryn and Kelly. It was a really long assembly, and really warm in the bleachers and ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh, it wouldn't have been bad if I hadn't been sitting between some lady who laughed like a wicked witch and Matt. Matt just doesn't know when to stop or even when not to start as someone else said today. He'a really a nice kid...but, argh. Oh well. The assembly was actually kind of sad. Zach won a lot of awards. It's too bad that he wasn't there to accept them. :( That's just so terribly sad. I can't imagine what it's like for his parents. Their only child. His parents were there though. Then, the goodbye to Mr. Paulsen was nice. They played the song, "Time of your life," and I really love it, but unfortunately it always makes me sad. What I find ironic however is that it's really a sarcastic song, but...they always use it in goodbye videos for High School and whatnot. I guess it could be easily taken seriously. Paulsen was a good principal too. He always came to our band stuff and whatnot when he could. He's a good guy.   So, after the assembly finally ended, and after I didn't even get to talk to Kathryn, I went to health. We just talked about more STD's. It was, umm...exciting? I'm really glad I decided a while ago to remain abstinent until marriage, because I'd probably be freaking out after all this. So many grody STD's. Hmmm. Speech was good. Bob gave a speech on butter. Haha, Bob's a great kid. I love my speech cloass. Everyone is so nice to each other and it just...rules.   Hm, lunch was good. We sat outside. I kind of miss the floor sadly. I know it's weird having to get up every day when they sweep, but I don't care. that's where I feel comfortable. Lunch was still good. We all just talked and whatnot. My two groups are sort of merging, so that's cool. I can spend time with all of them at once. YaY! I haven't seen Nikki in a long time unfortunately though. I think we're growing apart. Oh well. I'm really excited to see Finding Nemo with Emily and Mary Clare and Kathryn and Kelly on Friday. It will definitely be a fun time.   Math was boring as usual. We just went over our review packets and whatnot. I actually know a lot in it. I'm shocked. I loahte math so much. What an annoying subject. And finally, government was cool. I got a chance to talk with Kathryn. We were sort of supposed to be doing our study guides but...yeah....that didn't really happen. She's having serious doubts, thank goodness. I mean...I'm trying to not get her really angry with me, but at the same time...definitely let her know my opinion. Nobody wants her to go out with him. Her parents don't even like him. That's got to say something. I really don't trust him, and I love Kathryn and don't want her hurt. Oh well, what's supposed to happen will happen. God will watch over Kathryn.   And then tonight I just went back to school to get my tye-dye shirt which I forgot. Grrr. Hmmm, then I went to meijer and got a shirt that was on clearence, and that was my funfilled evening. Now I shall go off to do homework. HOMEWORK!!! I still have homework. This is NOT right.   Another turning point a fork stuck in the road Time grabs you by the wrist directs you where to go So make the best of this test and don't ask why It's not a question but a lesson learned in time  It's something unpredictable But in the end is right I hope you had the time of your life  So take the photographs and still frames in your mind Hang it on a shelf in good health and good time Tattoos of memories and dead skin on trial For what it's worth it was worth all the while  It's something unpredictable But in the end is right I hope you had the time of your life  It's something unpredictable But in the end is right I hope you had the time of your life  It's something unpredictable But in the end is right I hope you had the time of your life  .................................I still can't even fathom what he did to his first girlfriend.I'm actually surprised at how angry I am. I mean, I am....extremely angry. Angrier than words can express. Wasn't it enough to do that to one person? Now you want to ruin someone else?  Heh, another problem. I can't be around her if she's with him. I wouldn't be able to stand it. I'd want to kill something or someone.AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   Darnit, thanks for ruining everything you jerk. Thanks a lot.I must say, it really makes me sick. Really really really. And she's being dragged into it. I think she's caving in and there's not a gosh darn thing I can do about it. Even if I were to tell her what a slime he is, and what he did to his old girlfriend, she wouldn't listen. She thrives on going against what people tell her. She would just probably go out with him faster or something. ARGH! Seriously, this all makes me sick. Incredibly sick.  He's going to hurt her like he hurt his last girlfriend. Man, that kids probably going to be an abusive husband someday, but the problem is, he seems ok normally, but he's so impulsive, and argh. Abusive relationship. He's going to hurt her. I can see it now, but she wants someone so much that she'll go for him. AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH. This is so bad, and it really really truly bothers me.   On a happier note, I talked to Joanne on the phone for a long time tonight. It was so nice. Ah, I love her! But, I just can't get this other thing out of my head. He's going to hurt her, and not just emotionally, but probably physically too. He's going to ruin her, crush her, strip her of her dignity. And in the end, I know I'll be right, but it wont feel good to say, "I told you so." Whenever I'm so rarely right, it's bad if in the end it wont feel good to say that. Sure everyone deserves second chances, but he had so many with her. SO many. Argh.   I need to sleep.....Haha, I just realized I wrote "my kelly's" like they're mine! haha! Alllll mine!OK, I've decided. I'm not letting myself lose touch with my really good friends like my kelly's and Joanne and Kathryn, and Emily and stuff. No way no how. I'm just not going to let it happen. I'm determined! HMPH!OK, so, I've had a vision!!! I see the light! Ahhh!  OK, so when Kelly becomes rich and famous, and I go to one of her concerts, and then try to get backstage, the guards will yell at me and be like, "GET AWAY YOU WHITE HAIRED NUTCASE!" And I'll be like, "But I know her!!!" And they'll laugh in my face, and then Kelly will come up and say, "Catie my love," and I'll laugh REALLY HARD into the guards faces. Ahahahahaha. It shall be fun.As pathetic as this song is musically, I still love it...  So we talked all night about the rest of our lives Where we're gonna be when we turn 25 I keep thinking times will never change Keep on thinking things will always be the same  When we leave this year we wont be comin' back No more hangin' out 'cause we're on a different track And if you got somethin' that you need to say You better say it right now 'cause you don't have another day  'Cause we're movin' on and we can't slow down These memories are playin' like a film without sound And I keep thinkin' of the night in June I didn't know much of love but it came too soon  And there was me and you And then we got real blue Stayed at home talkin' on the telephone We'd get so excited and we'd get so scared Laughing at ourselves thinkin' life's not fair  And this is how it feels As we go on We remember All the times  We had together And as our lives change Come whatever  We will still be friends forever  So if we get the big jobs and we make the big money When we look back now will our jokes still be funny Will we still remember everything we learned in school Still be tryin to break every single rule  Will little brainy bobby be the stock broker man Can anna find a job that wont interfere with her tan I keep, keep thinkin that it's not goodbye Keep on thinkin it's a time to fly  And this how it feels As we go on We remember All the times We had togetther And as our lives change Come whatever We will still be friends forever  Will we think about tomorrow like we think about now Can we survive it our there Can we make it somehow I guess the thought that this would never end And suddenly it's like we're women and men Will the past be a shadow that will follow us round Will these memeories fade when I leave this town I keep thinkin that it's not goodbye I keep on thinkin it's a time to fly  As we go on We remember All the times  We had together And as our lives change come whatever We will still be Friends foreverI'm really really scared for....life.Yeah, so, Im kind of sad. It was the seniors last day today, and I don't even really know any seniors, but it just makes me think how much closer I'm coming to being a senior and leaving and having to go off on my own, and not seeing my friends anymore. Then, of course, it reminds me of next year where not only do I lose my best friend, but other very close friends. I'll luckily still have awesome friends senior year, but...I'm still going to miss my friends leaving after next year. I think I'm most worried about Chris. I can talk to him so easily, and spend time with him alone without any pressure, and....I feel so comfortable around him. I'm worried that after he goes to college, I wont ever see him, nonetheless talk to him. This is why I truely despise getting a specific best friend. They leave at some point, or you grow apart, or something. It's the same thing that happened with Christy and Amanda, and....well, Kelly will always be my friend. No matter where we are. She is the one person I am positive I will keep in contact with after High School. I have complete faith in that. I've known her for so long, and she's just Kelly. I know we'll talk at least periodically to each other throughout the rest of our lives. I know I'll go to her wedding, and well, hopefully not her funeral. Everyone else, I'm not so sure. I hardly talk to Christy anymore, and Amanda, the only reason I really talk to her is because my mom's best friends with her mom. I still do love them, and would still take a bullet for each of them, but...I just don't talk to them as much. Then my other really close friends...Kelly C., I think our lives will go in completely different directions, and we'll grow apart. I'll be there for her when she becomes a famous clarinet player in the CSO, but I have a feeling after High School, we wont talk as much. Kathryn, I don't really know what will happen. I think we'll try to keep in contact, but just end up growing apart. Like, the calls will somehow end up being few and far between. Emily, oh...I don't know. If she actually does go to Europe, that's the end. Keeping in touch with someone on another continent is really difficult. I hope for her sake she does get to go though. Joanne's already going off to England, and who knows what will happen with that. And....just, wow. I need to stop thinking about this, and my other close friends. I haven't even really talked about any of my guy friends. I'm stopping myself now.  I hate this. I've had such a great blessed life. It's just hard for me to accept change at all.   Tell me that we belong together....  And I'll be your crying shoulder...  Drat. I've managed to truely bum myself out.   :( Things just seem so sad right now.What scares me most, is that I wouldn't be surprised if that happened....  Haha, I love talking when no one has any idea what I'm saying.I miss my cat. No, no, no, no, no, not now. I'm not thinking of her now. Nope, I'll start to cry. I've managed to push it to the back of my mind and force it to stay there, and that's what I'm going to keep doing.What do you do when the only person who likes you is the only person you truely dislike?  He's the only person I'll ever get to like me, and I can't even like him one bit. JEEZ! Figures.I'm going to smile like nothing's wrong, talk like everything's perfect, act like it's just a dream, and pretend its not hurting me...because one day it won't and everything will be ok.I've been writing more and more in here lately. I wonder why. *Sigh* I don't know what's up with me. I mean, I'm happy...but, I'm sad at the same time. I feel like I'm missing something. I feel like there's something right in front of me that I should understand but don't. I'm just, I don't know...................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................Time is never time at all  You can never ever leave without leaving a piece of youth  And our lives are forever changed  We will never be the same  The more you change the less you feel  Believe, believe in me, believe  That life can change, that you're not stuck in vain  We're not the same, we're different tonight  Tonight, so bright  Tonight  And you know you're never sure  But you're sure you could be right  If you held yourself up to the light  And the embers never fade in your city by the lake  The place where you were born  Believe, believe in me, believe  In the resolute urgency of now  And if you believe there's not a tonight  Tonight, so bright  Tonight  We'll crucify the insincere tonight  We'll make things right, we'll feel it all tonight  We'll find a way to offer up the night tonight  The indescibable moments of your life tonight  The impossible is possible tonight  Believe in me as i believe in you, tonight      ................................I was looking at some of my very fisrt blog entries. Wow, I've really changed a lot. It sort of amazes me. Anyway, I found this somewhere in there, and I want to re-post it so that I keep remembering it.   Love is patient, love is kind. It does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud. It is not rude, it is not self-seeking. It is not easily angered, it keeps no record of wrongs. Love does not delight in evil, but rejoices with the truth. It always protects, always trusts, always hopes, always perseveres. Love never fails. -1 Corinthians 13:4-8  :) I love it. I love the Bible. I love God!!! Sometimes, I think people think I'm some heathen atheistic person, and I'm completely not. It's completely the other way around. I just like to worship God in my own way, and my own way is a quiet way. I don't like to push my views on other people. People who try to push their views on others really bother me. I love God, and have complete faith in him. That's all I need to know. If other people don't believe that, nothing I say will change their minds. That's why I don't understand why so many wars are faught over God. Don't you realize you're doing what God doesn't want you to do?? You're killing, and  argh. Has this war over God ever been resolved?? No, because not everyone worships God in the same way or worships him at all. It bothers me so much. Let people believe what they want to believe.   Wow, ok...sorry, venting.Wow. Katharine told me about this really cool song that her and Diane really like. I like it a lot too.   The strands in your eyes The color them wonderful Stop me, steal my breath Emeralds from mountains thrust towards the sky Never revealing their depth  Tell me that we belong together...Soooooooooooooooooooooooooooo  My day....  It was a very interesting day. Actually, it really wasn't. It was a pretty normal day, but I'm so de-stressed right now, and so happy...it seemed like an excellent day. OK, so, hm. I got a Tiki hat from Matthew!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I was SO excited when he told me I could keep it. Ah, happiness. :)Wind Ensemble, or...Study Hall now...was really good. I just hung out with Kelly and Kristen the whole period. YaY! I wish I would have had my yearbook so people could sign it. Oh well, I'll get people to tomorrow. So, we just goofed off all period. It was cool.  Music Theory, we actually learned gosh darnit. I loathe learning in that class. Oh well, it was boring boring boring. Chemistry, we didn't tye-dye shirts, grrr! It was too rainy and whatnot too. They said maybe tomorrow, so we just did worksheets and book problems and stuff. I never get anything done when I work with Diane though. I always want to talk to her. :)   Hmmm, Health was ok, and yet COMPLETELY DISGUSTING. Oh my gosh, oh my gosh, oh my GOSH! The way that class is teaching me, I'll never ever want to have sex...EVER. Oh jeez....we talked about pubic lice, and EWWWWWWWWWWWWWW!!!!! OH MY GOODNESS! It was just...so terrible Grody grody grody.  Then speech, I did it. I did my final speech. It certainly wasn't my best speech, but it was alright. I'm glad I got it over with at least. I'm going to miss Will. He's such an amazing kid. I just, really like him. I think he's a great person.  Lunch was good. We just sort of signed yearbooks. I didn't really eat much of my lunch. I've decided to not just sign anyone's yearbook this year. I've decided to write a personal message to everyone about something I like about them, or something I remember from this year. Yearbook signings make me sad. I know a lot of Juniors they'll be seniors next year, and I'm going to lose a LOT of my friends. Man, isn't losing Joanne enough?? I'm really going to miss Joanne. I really feel I can trust her, and talk to her about anything, and if I didn't want her to tell...she wouldn't. I can be myself around her. I can be goofy with her. Man, I'm going to spend as much time with her as possible this summer. I've sort of been...distanceing myself from her this year I think. Gosh, why didn't I realize this before???? ARGH!!!! I'm so so mad at myself. I don't want to lose her. I think if I don't spend as much time with her before she goes...I wont miss her as much. I can't believe I didn't realize this before now. I hate losing people though. And then all my junior friends will leave next year, and I'll probably cry, and make a fool of myself. I mean, yearbook time always makes me think... I've only got two years left, and the first two I've had have gone by so fast. SO FAST! I don't know...I'm scared to go on from High School. I'm so secure and content. I'm really excited too though. I feel like I'll fit in better with an adult world, but...maybe not. Maybe I'm just fooling myself into thinking that.   Oh yeah....my day. Ha. Kind of funny. I need to stop thinking. I'm de-stressed, and I'm stressing myself out again. STOP CATIE!!!   Math was ok. We took a quiz. I think I did ok. After that everyone just signed yearbooks, but I don't really know anyone in my math class so I just did the review packet. Yeah, I'm a loser. Oh well. I got one person to sign it. :) Then government we just kept watching 12 Angry Men. It's a pretty good movie. Hm, and after school, we avoided the beast/stalker. Man, that kid is such a stalker. Stalker man, Stalker man, does whatever a stalker can. Unfortunately...I'm afraid that *girl* will give in to stalker man. I'm worried about her.   I'm worried about everything. A very wise person told me once to just....stop worrying. I tried it once, and realized that I was worrying about not worrying in case someone thought I was a jerk for not worrying. Man am I a loser. Heh, I was afraid to get the person I liked last year to sign my yearbook. I'm not going to be that way this year! HMPH! I'm strong. I'm brave! I'm the Brown Crayon!!! *Dramatic music plays*  Wow...I really need to stop writing. You know...I wonder if anyone reads this. I doubt it. I guess I don't know if I want people to read it anyway, it's sort of for me. I did start it out as a fun public thing, but...I'm writing more and more now...  :)Hmmmm, I was thinking of writing about my day, but...nah. I think I'll go outside instead! I'll write more later.OK, my tummy is starting to feel a little better again. I took more advil. Eeks. Thank goodness for drugs though. Legal drugs of course. Haha. Anyway, I'm off to read, then sleep.VERRRRY mean! A meany pooface! That's what YOU are!!!Mother Nature....you are VERY mean.I swear, I'll do my speech homework!!! I SWEAR!!!!!OOOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  My tummy hurts SOOOOOOOOOOOOOO SO SO SO much right now. :( I'm going to cry, and I'm not kidding.AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!! I am SO stressed right now. So so so very stressed. I'm so sick of him. So sick of him. He does everything he possibly can to annoy me. It's like he trys to. It's like he wakes up in the morning and thinks of ways to make me mad.   I just went online and realized that there's no way I can have a conversation with anyone right now. It's stupid to even consider trying, it really is. I'm just going to say something I don't mean or something. Argh. I feel so low and terrble and...lonely. I know I have awesome friends, but I guess I just feel lonely right now. I guess it's normal. Everyone's allowed to feel lonely. Heh, I feel lonely, yet at the same time, I want to be left alone. I don't want to see anyone at school tomorrow. Maybe a few people, but not most. I want people to just leave me alone at school tomorrow. Not talk to me, not nag me, poke me, tease me. None of that. I want to see only a few people like my lunch gang, and them.   I wish I could see Amanda. Man, I miss her so much. I wish she hadn't moved to Texas. :( I wish I could see Heather too. If she's changed some of her ways, I want to see her a lot this summer. Argh. Is today over yet? Is tomorrow over yet? Heh, I'm not exactly following my quote, "never let the sunset on tomorrow before the sun rises today."  I had a really strange dream the other night. I'm not sure if it was good or not. It was with someone I'm really close to. I don't know. It was weird. I guess i'm still analyzing it. Who knows? I just need to do this speech crap so that I can go read and sleep.  Argh, what's wrong with me?? Someone....please tell me.Yeah. I need to go to my place. I need to be alone. I need to be me. I need to smile, and laugh, and dream of what isn't and what can't be. I need to dream of it whether it is or isn't. I need it to make me feel better. I need myself and no one else.Uh oh, I'm in my mode. The one where everything and everyone annoys me. I'm getting offline, staying away from everyone, and just...working on my speech. Nuh uh. no way I'm talking to anyone tonight. Too dangerous. Way too dangerous. I hate when I get in these moods. It's probably because I'm annoyed because I feel crappy as it is. OK, going to finish my speech.Yes! Finally! This wasn't working before for some odd reason, and it was making me mad. Man, I feel so sick. My tummy really really hurts. :( Stupud guys. Seriously, they NEVER have to deal with anything. Grrr.   So, today was an ok day. Only 4 more days of actual class. Wind Ensemble, I went to the writing center and actually worked on my speech outline. I was amazed, I actually did work. Then, music theory, gosh, I want to get away from that class SO SO SO much. Seriously. Yuck. Oh well. He just talked, and talked, and talked, and blah bah blah!!!!! Argh. It seriously didn't end. Chemistry was ok. We just got a ton of really confusing notes. Argh. Poo on Mr. K. Sometimes he's ok, but sometimes I just want to choke him. RAR! Ummm, Health was ok. Really boring and pointless. Busy work. Grr. We wrote stories with 15-25 words we found in the chapter. It was really very pointless. Speech was ok. I didn't have to give my speech. Someone else gave a speech on Plastic Surgery though so...yikes. Oh well. Umm, lunch was ok. Math was boring. I think I actually understood what we were doing though. Government, we just watched 12 Angry Men.  It was really a pretty boring day, and I think I'll go work on my speech now so I can go eat dinner and go read, and then go to sleep early. Wow, that would be nice. OK, Byebye.Goodmorning. I really hope today goes well and that I don't have to give my speech and that Mr. A isn't there. You kinow, something just occurred to me...if Alstadt were to ever by some chance read this, A.) I'd never have a chance of making WE again or B.)I'd feel terrible or actually...both! Yikes. Maybe I need to stop writing about Alstadt in here. I know I wont because he makes me mad a lot, but...maybe I can try to talk about him less. Anyway, I'm off to school. YaY? Byebye!I'm finally going to bed!!!! AHHH!   Goodnight!Wow. There's breast reduction for men. Heh. Funny....OH MY GOSH OH MY GOSH OH MY GOSH! BAD BAD BAD BAD BAD BAD BAD BAD IMAGES!!!  Ewwwww!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   I think I'm going to be ill...I'm really worried. I haven't talked to Alex lately. I don't want to lose him as a friend. He's such an awesome person. I don't ever want to stop talking to him.Haha, you know what phrase I've always liked? "Shifty character." Haha, so funny. :)Hey, I finished my music theory composition! YES!!!! I finished one thing on my list! How awesome is that??? I never called *boy* I swear I was going to, but I couldn't work up the courage. OK, so, I wasn't going to. I can't do it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I talked to a cool kid on the phone anyway, so...it was overall an ok Sunday evening.Hmmm, you know, it's kind of funny. I never realized how little I mention my dad. I was talking to someone on the phone tonight, and they asked me where my dad was, like as if he were gone or something. Kind of funny. My dad's a cool guy. I really get along with him. I just get along with my family in general. they're cool. I mean, I don't talk to my dad about personal stuff like I do with my mom, but...I still talk to him. Anyway, I think I should go quickly get some research for my final speech and whatnot, then I'm off to bed, so tired! Byebye....Things to do:  -Finish music theory composition -Finish...or, start my final speech and do the outline for it -Go outside and play basketball for a little bit -Have a cookie...with milk. -Call *Boy* :) (Like this one will EVER happen) -Get over the fact that it's NOT SUMMER YET! -Buy new earings -Stop writing in blog to avoid homework and doing most of these things!!  I'll add more as I think of more later.   Man, thinking about everything though....life is really good.AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I loathe homework with the deep burning passion of a thousand fiery suns!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Man, I am SO avoiding homework. Grrrr. I don't want to do it soooo very much. I'm finishing my music theory thing and it bites. I loathe music theory with a burning passion. I shouldn't have taken it. I don't fit in. I suck at writing music, and I suck at music in general. Grrrr. Oh well. My patience is wearing thin with someone right now. It's getting harder and harder for me not to get angry with him for even little things. He's aggravating me so much, and he just...really knows how to make me mad. It's almost like he works on it or something. Oh well, I'm out of here like the fat kid in dodgeball. Poor fat kid. :(Yep, I've decided. Definitely. Funny how spending just an hour and a half with your girl friends can make things seem so SO clear. So, that is what I did this evening. I went to Kathryn's house. We just hung out and whatnot. It was a lot of fun. I love being with them. Kelly wasn't there, but oh well. Things were fun just the same. Then after that, I got to drive! YaY! It was fun. Anyway, I'm kind of tired, so...I'm going to bed now, I think, hopefully, if no one IM's me. If someone IM's me...it's all over. I'm so addicted to AIM. Oh well, such is life.OK, I can stop pretending to clean. Man, why am I so scared of bugs? I saw this little ant, it wasn't hurting anyone, but it was coming close to me and I started FLIPPING out. I grabbed some Fantastik, and sprayed the little thing to death. Well, now I feel incredibly bad, but bugs scare me SO SO SOO much. Anything with ore than 4 legs scares me. It's just not natural to have more than 4. Like...centipedes. *Shiver* I don't even want to think about this actually.   So, anyway, I think I'm going to Kathryn's tonight, yay! So, I should probably go eat dinner and get ready for that and whatnot.   :)  I'm quite content right now.I don't know why I'm so excited to go to Michigan, but I am. I can't wait. I was talking with Lauren last night, and we were talking about partying and stuff, and I really want to. I mean...REALLY want to. I just want to have some fun and let loose, but I promised myself I'd never drink and stuff. Stupid promises. I don't even know why I do, I just really want to have fun. I'm sure I can have fun without drinking anyway. Sometimes, I guess I just want to be included in it all. I wanted to go with Pat and his friends and my brother when they all invited me a few months ago. It would have been awesome, hanging out with older people, but I didn't because I knew they'd drink and get high and stuff. I know they'll all be doing it, but at least Conor doesn't drink, so maybe I'll hang out with him when they're all drinking and stuff. I asked Max if he could bring up some non-drinking/single/non-attracting Sara guy. Heh, he said that wasn't possible with the Sara part. Heh. Anyway, haha, I thought part of my conversation with Lauren was quite amusing so I'm puting it in here.   Lokiluna13 (11:24:21 PM): hey, I'm a ruel breaker all the way Lokiluna13 (11:24:29 PM): I do drugs all the time and drink baby bear 321 (11:25:37 PM): hahahaha baby bear 321 (11:25:44 PM): can i quote that? Lokiluna13 (11:25:56 PM): lol baby bear 321 (11:26:00 PM): thats soooo goin in my profile Lokiluna13 (11:26:08 PM): I do!! Lokiluna13 (11:26:12 PM): haha baby bear 321 (11:26:35 PM): lemme guess baby bear 321 (11:26:43 PM): u drink pop and u take advil?? Lokiluna13 (11:26:58 PM): yeah...but....both at once, and I'm telling you, you're NOT supposed to do that. Lokiluna13 (11:27:02 PM): It's dangerous!  Haha, it just makes me laugh, but anyway, we've got plans. Big plans. We're going to get the guys back this year. We just have to think of some really really good prank to use. Ahahaha. We will. We're also going to go pick up some yokels. It will be VERY amusing.   Eek, must go. Have to pretend I'm cleaning. I'll probably write more later.I told Chris there was one thing I was positive about with Ryan last night, but...I'm not so sure anymore....It's like a game with us. A neverending game and I'm so sick of it. Three years of games.I am so in love I am so in hate I just can't comprehend it, uh You get me so high You get me so low I can't show what I'm feelin' Never was the type To let someone like You get under my skin, no Tried like hell but you Didn't care for real You stepped on my feelings  See I love to love you boy And I love to hate you But I got to let you know I'ma have to let you go See I love to love you boy And I love to hate you But I got to let you know I'ma have to let you go  Love to feel the love Love to heal from pain Is there really a difference? Wonder who is right Wonder who is wrong I'm just feeling some tension, uh You can't compromise We can't coincide We should really be chillin' 'Cause I've wasted so much time Love is on the line I've made my decision Yeah  It's useless to try and work things out Don't need all of the stress You're not worth it I'm tired of all the ups and downs So goodbye, I'm leaving Made up my mind  See I love to love you boy And I love to hate you But I got to let you know I'ma have to let you go See I love to love you boy And I love to hate you But I got to let you know I'ma have to let you go  It's useless to try and work things out Don't need all of the stress You're not worth it I'm tired of all the ups and downs So goodbye, I'm leaving Made up my mind  See I love to love you boy And I love to hate you But I got to let you know I'ma have to let you go See I love to love you boy And I love to hate you But I got to let you know I'ma have to let you goWell, I finished my letter to Ryan, now to give it to him? Do I? Don't I? I really don't know.Boys are stupid, don't throw rocks at them, throw huge giant shards of glass!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Haha...wow...I'm looooony. looony loony!!!Whooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!! I'm crazy, loony, psycho. I've definitely reached the highlands. Man, they say you need drugs and alcohol to get a buzz, I say just stay up extremely late! WHEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!  Hahahahahahaha. Goodnight, goodnight!I don't know anything at all and I'm somebody else It could take years to find you, it could years to find myself And I don't need to hear your answer I just need you to see That I think it's time to break down these walls that we throw  Am I still breathing have I lost that feeling Am I made of glass 'cause you see right through me I don't know who I am and you're the only one who sees that I can't ask these questions that cannot be answered today And even if everything goes wrong and we start to fall apart I will understand where you are, I will understand this by myself And I don't need to hear your answer I just need you to feel Like there are no boundaries at all  And how far have we come, too far to throw away the past Will you be there waiting for me I have to ask what we are, if I ask today it just won't last So I'll be here waiting for you  Will we ever feel this good again - Not today  Will we ever feel this real again - Not today  Will you ever be mine again - Not today  Will we ever feel this real again - Not today     Stupid world. People suck.I had a very good very...interesting day. I don't think I want to write about it in here though. I was going to but I think I've decided against it.Haha. One more person I found out about who reads this thing. Eek. I really really need to be careful what I write. I guess it really doesn't matter since this is sort of my diary, and since I don't write anything in here that's too personal anyway   Luckily though, I CAN write about Ryan, because he never reads this.  I'm worried about tomorrow. At first I was supposed to go to Great America with him all day, but...I decided not to since there were tons of people I know going there, and I didn't want to see people I knew all day long. So, then we decided we'd do something else like bowling or a movie or something, but...I'm having second thoughts. I think if I do see him, I'll start liking him...again. I realllly don't want that, because a relationship with us just doesn't work. I obviously broke up with him for a reason last time. Why bother puting myself through that again? It just hurt me and him, and it took a while to get our friendship back. But, I guess I'm not really being a friend to him if I don't want to see him. I know if I do, I'll end up going out with him at the end of the day, and yeah...I've thought about doing that, but...it's partly because I just want to be in a relationship with someone. Hmmm, oh well. Tonight was fun. I went to Peter's party. It was excellent...well, I guess. It was alright, but I didn't know anyone, and Chris and Brandon went to play video games. Luckily, Kelly was there, and Annie too. I'm glad I'm friends with those two. Hmmm, so I left the party kind of early and just hung out with Chris for a bit. It was cool.   That's really about it. I guess I'm just really worried about this thing tomorrow. I felt like I was being a jerk to Chris. I was listening to him, just...not all there. Sigh. I guess what wants to happen will happen. I shall see, I shall see.YaY! OK, so, my day...  I slept in since I had my lunch final, and I went in late and went to take my government final. I'm glad I didn't bother studying for it. I got a 97% on it. That rocks so much. I wasn't sure whether or not to study, so, I didn't. Sweet. So, after that, Kelly, Joanne, John, Kathryn, Mary Clare, and I all went out to lunch. We went to THREE, count 'em, THREE! restaurants. The first two were just too full, so we ended up going to Einsteins. I wanted to get a peanut butter and jelly bagel, but I thought that I should wait til I was with Diane haha.  Sometimes I feel like Diane doesn't like me very much, like...I annoy her for some reason, or she doesn't trust me for some reason. I feel like I should say sorry to her, but I don't think I did anything. I'd love to be better friends with her, but I don't think she wants to. Oh well, I'm not giving up yet. Anyway...after we went to Einsteins, we went paddle boating. It was so fun. Haha. It was a little chilly, but still tons and tons of fun. Oh, I wouldn't suggest ever trying to switch with someone in the backseat, especially when you have four people in your boat. Good times, good times. Hmmm, then we went to Starbucks, but I don't like coffee, so I just got a fruit drink thing. Yum yum yum. Then Kathryn's mommy picked us up, and drove us to joanne's. we just hung out for a while. We did Karaoke, haha. We also played spoons, except...we used forks. Yikes. It's really dangerous. I cut myself. :( But, Joanne gave me an Elmo band aid so it's all good. The Elmo bandaid completely made my day.   I'm pretty sure we managed to make Kathryn mad. I think she's hiding it because she didn't want to ruin our good time, but I am pretty sure something we did got her mad. Oh well. Tonight, I'm going to Peter's party thing. I wasn't sure I wanted to go but so many people are going, so I figure I should give it a shot. Maybe I'll have a blast. Eek, I hope. So, Chris is driving me there in like an hour or so, or something. Heh. Fun day. Tomorrow will be good too. I'm probably hanging out with Ryan the entire day.  :)   Yes, tomorrow will DEFINITELY be good. We decided not to go to Great America since so many people I know are going.   Anyway, I think I'm off to do something...errr, constructive?  HAHA NOT! And why not? Because there's NO SCHOOL! WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!Today was so dull and boring I don't even really want to write about it. Heh. Oh well, tomorrow will be fun at least.My day was excellent, superb, wonderful! I was really dreading it. Honestly, this was maybe my easiest day, but I was still dreading it. Why? Because of meany pooface Alstadt. He's such a jerk sometimes. I'm sorry, but he is. Anyway, I just sat around before school IN THE BAND ROOM! I couldn't believe it was open. Heh, funny. It was open and guess who wasn't there? Anyway, I went to go take my speech final, and it was easy and all. I got a B on it without studying at all. It's ok. I'll still get an A in the class. I could have gotten a 68% on it.Excellent. Anyway...I did that, then went to band. Since we took the band final on Friday, there was nothing to do. I KNEW if I stayed Id' have to sort commencement music since we had to let it all dry out yesterday. So, Kelly and I decided to be rebels! WOO HOO! We walked to burger king and got some food. It was awesome. We got kids meals, and we got the toys that went along with them! It rocked! So, then we walked back, and no one seemed to notice. :) Excellent. Alstadt took attendance, but...no big deal. They aren't going to come after me with two days of school left. Also, my parents wouldn't care anyway. So, then, unfortunately, we had to go to music theory. It wasn't as bad as I thought. I proved Alstadt wrong though! YES! He said I couldn't go from A major to C major and have it sound good. HA! Not like my composition was good, but it still sounded ok, and Mr. A was wrong!!! WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!  Anyway, that was pretty much it today. Oh yeah, with our kids meals, Kelly and I got these scratch and sniff thing. Oh my gosh, there was one with a foot, and it smelled SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO bad. Wow! Terrible.   Anyway, I'm done. I think I'll go...I don't know, do someonething constructive?So, kind of a depressing day.  I woke up at about 10, couldn't find my shoes, searched alll over the house and finally found them. So, I go take my shower thinking, "lalala, everything is good. I found my shoes." OK, maybe not. I find out my dress had a rip in it!! GRRR, so, I had to have my mommy fix that really fast, and I actually got there on time. We actually had to have commencement outside. Luckily we got to go in after we finished playing though. The poor seniors didn't. I really am surprised they didn't have the ceremony inside. Oh well. So, our music got ruined, my hair/dress/feet all got SOAKED! ahhh. Oh well. So, after that I unexpectedly got a ride home from Chris, changed into some dry clothes, and then we went to Chipotle and met Brandon and Bryan there. It was a lot of fun. I actually got something there. I've never actually had food there. It's so yummy. Mmmmm. I definitely couldn't finish it all though. So, yeah, then we went to Coldstone. I got chocolate ice cream with gummy bears. Yum. So very good. Then Chris and I just drove around and talked for a bit, and then, I came home, and I started to study for math, but I just couldn't do it, so...I decided to write. Haha. Lala. So, that was my exciting day.   It's kind of funny when someone who's your friend thinks if they tell you something they're thinking, you're going to hate them or something, and then they tell you, and you don't at all. It wasn't what you were expecting, because you were expecting to actually be mad at them but you aren't at all. And it just makes you love them more because they're so honest and truthful, and they trust you so much. I feel really trustworthy right now, and that's all I have to say. I'm sure no one has any clue what I'm talking about. Sorry. Oh well, I don't think anyone reads this anyway, do they? Oh well, no more talk of this ever.  I must be off to study. HA, like that'll happen.Argh. Tonight so many things are hurting me. I feel like my heart has been ripped apart so many times tonight. Like, it was ripped apart, and started healing, then ripped apart again. It hurts so much.So yeah...I just love being the one not paired up with anyone. Feels fantastic. Really.   I'm a big fat liar.There's no way I'm letting this bring me down dag nabbit.Wow. I am in SUCH  crappy mood. Argh.I don't know man.  Things just really seem to suck right now. I went out to Pizza Hut tonight with my friends but it just wasn't as fun as I was hoping for. I'm just in such a bad mood, it's hard to have fun. I feel like I'm compltely wasting my summer. I don't know how or why, but...I do. I just feel so mad right now, and sad...  Who knows? Maybe it'll be better tomorrow. :(Hm, ok....so, everyone left for Germany which kind of stinks but I've been doing tons of stuff!! It's amazing! I'm still writing to Chris and Kelly, and whatnot, but I've been hanging out with all my other friends here. I actually went to the pool yesterday in the middle of the day, and didn't get burned! Well, this one part of my face did because I must have missed it with my sunscreen, but still! I was so happy, and it was fun! Then I went to Kathryn's with Joanne and Kathryn, and we just hung out. It's kind of weird just being with both of them. Oh well. Then, last night I had a sleepover at Joanne's, and it was fun. I actually got a lot of sleep surprisingly. Heh, except it wasn't really good sleep, because sleeping on a florr REALLY hurts. Hmmm, we watched the Princess Bride! I'd never seen it before! It's really really good! YaY! It was fun! Oh, and haha, Joanne really can't take not knowing something. It was so funny. Kathryn said something that we couldn't tell Joanne, and Joanne REALLY wanted to know. It was just humorous. She usually knows everything, and the one thing she didn't drove her crazy. Woo, fun times.  So, today I've just been busy cleaning and whatnot, and tonight I'm going out with Katharine, and Diane, and Steve maybe, and Jeff maybe. It will be most exciting hopefully! :)  I must get going. I've got quite a bit to do actaully.I really don't think it's ever going to happen. :(So, my day was pretty ok. I gave my Daddy his gifts and stuff and that was fun, and other than that I really didn't do much. I played the computer game Civilization. Oh my goodness, that game is ADDICTING! Wow. So, anyway, everyone's leaving tomorrow. :( I'm going to miss everyone. A few of my really really good friends are going, and it'll be hard without them here. I doubt they'll miss me at all. Oh well.   Oh yeah! I cleaned my bathroom today too. Blah. I hate cleaning my bathroom. I hate cleaning altogether actually. I hope I'm rich when I get older so I can hire someone else to do that, or I'll try to marry someone who likes to clean. Ha. Like that'll happen. I mean the marrying part, not the finding someone who will clean part. :)   Anyway, talking to kelly. I'm going to miss her. Her and Chris the most. :( I'll write more later....maybe.At least it's raining. :) I love rain.You know, it's funny. I seem to like him less and less every day. OK, it's not funny. It's terrible, but really. He makes me so angry, and so mad almost every time I talk to him. Argh. Some people really annoy me.So, I was looking at my very first blog entry which isn't even on this page, and I just thought..."wow Catie, you were SUCH a dork." Yeah, that entry actually scares me. I wonder if in 7 months I'll think the same thing I did of my Novemeber 14th first entry into one of these. I'm kind of surprised I've actually kept up writing in this. I've never actually kept a real diary. I've always felt like I was just whining to paper. I don't know how this is different, it's just whining to a computer screen, but still....I've kept up with it. I wonder how much longer I'll keep uo with it. I don't intend on stopping writing anytime soon. Hmmm....interesting thoughts. 'Eh, I'm not in much of a reflective mood right now, so I think I'll go read and wait for a good storm to come! :)Hm, ok, so that was odd. It just started raining a bit, and then it got sunny again, and now cloudy. Weird. I wonder if storms will be coming through all day. I actually like storms as long as they aren't too...errr....deadly...yes, that's it. I usually like to read during storms, like, snuggle up with my blanket and all my stuffed animals and just read and listen to the rain and thunder. It's fun, but...I guess I have a weird definition of fun.   I can't believe they're all coming home Monday. I'm pretty excited, but time here has also gone by extremely fast. I've gotten to hang out with a lot of people, and meet new people, and have a blast. 13 days til Michigan too. Plus, I found out that we're almost positively going to Italy for Thanksgiving this year. I'm SO excited. I love Italy. I really do. It's one of my favorite places in the world. :) And if my mom gets the bonus she might be getting for this thing she's working on...too hard to explain...then we get to fly first class. :) That would be so awesome. First class on an overseas flight. I could actually sleep. Not that coach is all that uncomfortable for a 5'0" person like myself, but still, that's so awesome. I'm really excited, and I can't wait to go. I think though, that if the marching band goes to the Macy's Day thing, I'll miss it, which would not be cool...but still. I love Rome.   Hmmm, everything's too quiet in my house. I'm going to go check it out. It makes me nervous when my house is quiet.I was having a chat with someone this evening, and they asked me if I cried a lot. It was kind of funny...seeing as I almost never cry. Only when it's something really important to me, or when I just bottle everything up, or when I just listen to a gorgeous song, and emotions come. Most of the time, that's when I cry. Music makes me feel emotions I didn't even know I had. It's amazing. Although I don't want to go into it as a career, I am extremely glad it's part of my life, and I love people who can make great music. I truly truly respect it. Ah, anyway, I'm off to sleep...seriously...Haha, wow...I'm having so much trouble typing tonight. My fingers are being clumsy for some reason. I have to type like every word twice. Grrrr.Blah, blah, blah!! I'm not tired, and I actually, for once in my life, don't feel like reading. I don't know why I'm not tired at night. I woke up at a resonable hour today. Hmmm, I think I need to stop writing in here like a loser and go talk to my friends. I was talking to like...5 friends, and all the conversations ended at the same time. Poo. haha. Katharine just told me I should go sleep. Yes, yes I should. Will I? Probably not unfortunately. I should really take my friend's advice. They give good advice. On sleeping at least.  I heard Chris and Mike and both Daves were drinking in Germany. It kind of upsets me. Not upsets...but dissapoints. I'm surprised. I mean, I heard they didn't just drink but got drunk. I was especially surprised about one of the Daves. I have talked to him about drinking before, and I asked him if he ever drank, and he was like, "NO!" I remember that so well, because it almost seemed as though I'd offended him with the question at the time. Like, "How could you ask me that? Of course I don't drink you silly girl." Ah well, I guess it's their choice, not mine. They can do what they want, but I guess I lost some respect for Dave.  So, I'm off to go talk to cool people because....err...because they're cool. Wheee. I think I'll go to sleep feeling happy. :) Plus, I finished my book, which is nice. I'll need to find a new one though. Ah...I'm off....Hmmm...I'm debating on whether or not to do this. Probably not. I'm a chicken. A dumb chicken with it's head cut off. I always thought that story about that chicken who lived for like...15 hours after he had his head cut off was interesting...I think it's terrible that someone cut the chicken's head off, but...I still thought it was kind of interesting. I wonder what science is behind that.You know, I just realized something. I always worried about how people probably think I'm weird because I go to the park and swing on the swings and listen to my music when I need to think. Well, I don't care. Everyone has a place that they think in, and that just happens to be mine. I don't even know why. It just relaxes me. It helps me filter my thoughts. I think way too much for my own good, and I just...can't think in my house. It's not that my family doesn't give me privacy. They certainly do, but...still. It's just where I go, and I like it, so I don't care if people think I'm weird.I guess it's song lyric night.And I'd give up forever to touch you 'Cause I know that you feel me somehow You're the closest to heaven that I'll ever be And I don't wanna go home right now  And all I can taste is this moment And all I can breathe is your llife 'Cause sooner or later it's over I just don't wanna miss you tonight  And I don't want the wold to see me 'Cause I don't think that they'd understand When everything's made to be broken I just want you to know who I am  And you can't fight the tears that ain't comin' Or the moment of truth in your lies When everything feels like the movies Yeah, you bleed just to know you're alive  And I don't want the world to see me 'Cause I don't think that they'd understand When everything's made to be broken I just want you to know who I am  And I don't want the world to see me 'Cause I don't think that they'd understand When everything's made to be broken I just want you to know who I am  And I don't want the world to see me 'Cause I don't think that they'd understand When everything's made to be broken I just want you to know who I am  I just want you to know who I am I just want you to know who I am I just want you to know who I am...So you're standing on a ledge It looks like you might fall So far down Or maybe you were thinkin' about jumpin'  You could have it all If you learned a little patience For though I cannot fly I'm not content to crawl  So give me a little credit Have in me a little faith I wanna be with you forever  If tomorrow's not too late  But it's always too late when you got nothin' So you say You should never let the sun set on tomorrow Before the sun rises today  If I am another waste of everything you dreamed of I will let you down If I am only here to watch you as you suffer I will let you down  So you're walkin' on the edge And you wait your turn to fall But you're so far gone That you don't see the hands upheld to catch you  You could find a fault In the heart that you've been handed For though you cannot fly You're not content to crawl  And it's always too late when you got nothin' So you say You should never let the sun set on tomorrow Before the sun rises..  If I am another waste of everything you hoped for I will let you down If I am only here to watch you as you suffer I will let you down  So you're standing on a ledge It looks like you might fall...  If I am another waste of everything you dreamed of  I will let you down If I am only here to watch you as you suffer I will let you down  The answers we define Are never what we had in mind So we make it up as we go along  You don't talk of dreams I wont mention tomorrow We wont make those promises that we can't keep  I will never leave you I will not let you down I will never leave you I will not let you down.........   Hmmmm, definitely one of my favorite songs ever. My little quote on this webpage has been the same since I made it a long time ago, and that came from this song.Kelly and Kathryn and Joanne and Mary Clare and...why did I just type all their names?? Anyway, they invited me to go see the second Charlies Angels movie with them, but 'eh. That's not really my kind of movie. I didn't even really like the first one that much. So, I decided I didn't want to pay money for something I didn't really want to see all that much in the first place. Oh well, a night in with myself isn't bad. Wheee...You with the sad eyes  Don't be discouraged  Oh I realize  It's hard to take courage  In a world full of people  You can lose sight of it all  And the darkness, inside you  Can make you feel so smallWhy is it I freak out so much when I'm afraid that one person is even a tiny bit upset with me?? It's really annoying. I wish I just didn't care.  I want Kelly and Chris to come home. I want to talk to one of them, and I can't without emailing them and waiting hours and hours for a response. *Sigh* Monday...come sooner!!!!!!!! :(  I'm just frustrated right now...obviously.Sooo, today I'm just going out with my family and whatnot. It'll be a good time. It always is. I also have to clean my room if I want to get my new furniture. My mom's good at coming up with bribes. Grrr. Ah well. I'm off.Wow. I have a darn good life. An extremely extremely good life, and I'm just so happy about it. It kind of scares me sometimes too though, like...I'm too lucky. Like, eventually my luck will run out and terrible things will happen. Ah, who knows? I guess all I can do is be thankful for what I have now, and pray that it continues.  Hmmm, moving on to goofy mode. Wow, I'm such a loser. I get so weird at night. I should look into this. It's got to be something about the brain late at night. :)   Oh...and gummy bears taste delectible at 2:22 in the morning.OK, so I didn't sleep. So what? Haha. It doesn't matter anymore. I'm not going to Joanne's again tomorrow. Haha, oh well. We WILL watch it sometime. I'm determined now. We've set the date for July 9th now lol. It'll happen...sooner or later. Probably later, but it will still happen.  Hmmm, so, I'm talking to this kid right now. He seems really cool actually. And that's all I'm saying. Yes, that's definitely all I'm saying. Haha. So, I'm going to go finish talking to people and go read or something since I'm not particularily tired.So so sooooooo very tired. I'm off to sleep.Heh. OK, as of right now, I've decided on neither. Both are out. Hehe. Wow, that leaves me right where I started at. Dag nabbit. This is pooey, and so is my computer, it doesn't like me much. But what does? :) Tra la la, I had my grilled cheese earlier. It was yummy, and tonight I'm having chicken parmigan. Hmmm, I wonder how you spell parmigan...  Oh well. I think I'm going to I don't know...go be a loser someplace than on my blogger website.Hmmm, so, I was supposed to go to Joanne's, but she couldn't since she's got to do a lot of work on her mom's closet still. That's ok with me actually. I'm not feeling great anyway. It's just one of those, "blah" days. I think I'll probably go make myself some grilled cheese, and just, read my book or watch tv. YaY! Mmmm.....grilled cheese. I'm so addicted to that stuff. I really am. I think I need to get on a better sleeping schedule, but even if I do, I'll go off it again in MI. So, I guess there really isn't much of a point, because I refuse to go to bed at 9 every night when I go. Tra la la. I'm in a weird mood. Quite a weird mood. Hmmm, I just flung my pony tail thing across the room...Wow, I'm so weird. There's nothing really to type about. I still havem't decided, although I did find something out that could be helpful. Eh, I think I should just forget everything and wait til college. YaY college. Maybe there will be mature guys there. I hope....Joanne's lucky, but it's funny. I don't know how they are going to be apart a whole year next year. Joanne really misses him and it's only a week that he's gone now.I have faith in them though. I think they're going to be one of those high school couples that makes it, and actually stays together. They're like, made for each other. I'm really happy for both of them. :) Anyway, I think I'm going to go make my grilled cheese now, and read or something. Hmmm, I never sign this thing anymore. Oh well.I've figured something out. Guys don't like girls like me. They like mysterious girls, or funny girls, or interesting girls, or even girls that seem innocent. Hmmmm. I don't think I want to change myself, but....grrr. It still makes me angry. 16 days...only 16 days. It'll be nice to get away from Naperville. Very nice. I can't wait to go on the jetski's, and go tubing, and.....just lie in the hammock and read. :) So relaxing. *Sigh* ARGH! July 11th, WHY WONT YOU COME SOONER??? Oh well. Such is life. Hehe. Anyway, off to sleep. Nighty night.Well, at least this thing finally works. I guess I can write a little about my night, but not too much since I want to get some sleep since I'm going to Joanne's at 1:00 tomorrow. Tonight was ok. I was supposed to go out with Erica, Brett, and this kid Roger, but it didn't end up happeneing so I just went to Joanne's instead. Heh. It was alright. We just watched the first Harry Potter movie, and Kathryn kind of ruined part of the fifth book for me. Sadly, I think se did it purposely. Like...the way she said it, and when she did it, it felt like she knew exactly what she was saying. Kelly and I obviously weren't too happy. Oh well. It was still ok. Everything with Diane is all good now! :) I'm so happy it is, because I just...I don't know, things were awkward for a bit I guess.  Man, everyone seems so aggravated and irritated lately. It's weird. It's like everyone needs a vacation from each other. Like everyone needs to get away. I don't know, it's just odd. Man, I wish my mommy were home. I need to talk to her about this decision I'm trying to make. I don't know. I kind of wish I had someone who I could talk to about this, but...there are very few people I trust, and even them, it's not easy to talk about people I like with...  I guess we'll see what happens. I'm thinking of making a list of why I like both, and then deciding, but that just seems so...I don't know. I feel like I should know. I feel like I should feel in my heart which one's right. I guess....  Who knows?  I think I just need sleep. I was absolutely looony five minutes ago haha. I guess I've gotten into serious conversation with the person I'm talking to so I've gotten more serious, but I love when I can be goofy. I love just feeling silly and not caring what other people think. Woooo.   Anyway, I think I'm just going to go to sleep soon, maybe read a few pages of my book. Not Harry Potter. Ahh....byebye! :)Argh.....I wrote a whole thing and blogger was dumb, and didn't publish it.I just, couldn't sleep. I don't know. I tried reading, usually that makes my eyes tired, I tried watching tv, I tried just lying down for an hour. Argh. I don/t know what's up with me, but I know I wont want to do anything tomorrow because I'll be SO tired, and I know someone will call me, because that ALWAYS happens when I'm too tired, or too...I don't know, anti-social to do anything. I'm going to Joanne's on Thursday to watch Hitch Hiker's since it kind of got ruined last time. Eh, oh well. I kind of wasn't expecting much when I went to her house in the first place since I knew Kathryn was going. I mean, wow, that sounded mean, but what I meant by that was that Kathryn hasn't read the books or anything, so...it really wouldn't have been much fun for her probably. We probably wouldn't have ended up watching the shows anyway, which is what happened. It was ok, since we went walking and to the park and stuff but, eh. Oh well. Stuff happens. And then tomorrow night, I guess Brett mentioned doing something with Erica and Roger. I have no clue who Roger is, but...that's ok. I hope we all end up doing something. I've never hung out with Brett outside of school. I think it would be fun. I really respect him as a person. So, we'll see if we all end up actually going.  Sigh, I'm sleepy, but I can't sleep. Ridiculous. Oh well. I'll just keep typing and hopefully I'll get tired soon. I'm still excited for Michigan haha. I feel like such an idiot, but I am!! I haven't seen Conor in a year, and I don't really know Dan all that well, so it'll be cool to get to know him better, and of course Sara and Lauren, I'm always excited to see. They're fun to be with. And now Sara doesn't drink anymore so I'm even more excited about that! Someone else to hang out with when everyone goes drinking. I still need to call Lauren to make...errr....plans  to get certain people back. Heh. Heh. I met this really really incredibly cool kid today. I would love to hang out with him if he lived around here, but eh. Such is life.   I miss Kelly and Chris. I think it's weirder not having Chris around though. I mean, Kelly, I hadn't had the chance to hang out with yet this summer at all, which I fully intend to change. I've been emailing her everday, well...except the past two days. My emails all messed up. Grrrr! But, Chris...is weirder. Like, it's weirder having him gone. I'm so used to his presence. I talk to him at least once a day, or see him, so...it's just strange to think, "oh I have to tell Chris this" and then not be able to. Hmmmm, I guess being tired makes me write more or something. Hey, I think I am tired! I think I'm going to go try to sleep again soon. I hope it works this time.  I'm kind of confused about some stuff right now, and I just wish I knew what ...I guess, what certain people think of me. Sometimes I really really just....want to know what people think of me, all of it. Good or bad, I just want to know, and other times, I completely fear it. I avoid asking people questions that might make them tell me what they think of me. Heh, I avoid a lot with people. It's really terrible.   Oh, oh!!! I'm going to the DT concert July 19th. I am SO excited. So so so so soooooo excited. I've never been to a concert before, and I get to go to this one with awesome people. It's going to be Kelly, Jim, Alex, Chris, me, and this kid Tony. I've never really talked to Tony before but, but he was in my P.E. Leadership class first semester. He seemed like a cool kid. Alex made me a bunch of CD's, like 10 I think of excellent music. I'm excited to get them from him. He's such a nice kid. :) I offered to pay him for them but he was like, "No!" Heh. I have some awesome friends.   I think when Kelly gets home I'm going to see if she wants to just get together, hang out, and look at Germany pictures, maybe watch Monsters Inc. again. :) Such a great movie. I hope things are ok with Diane now...I think they are, but I don't know. I think I'll call her tomorrow. I'll see what she's doing. See if she wants to go shopping or something. Hm, I haven't been shopping in a while! That sounds fun...:) I guess it all depends on what time I wake up and how I feel. I'm not feeling so great right now. My tummy really hurts. Argh. Oh well. I'm off to try to sleep...yet again. Hopefully this time it'll work! :)Hmmmm. Well, I just don't know now...I talk to one, and think I've decided but then talk to the other. Argh. I don't like making choices.I miss my cat. :( I really miss her. I wish she were here. She's be right by my side too. I could tell her stuff.So, I just went out with my mom and stuff today. It was fun. I found the furniture set I think I want, but it doesn't have the bed I want! Grrr!  I love it other than that, so...I'm thinking I'll probably get that set, and get an unfinished bed and paint it a fun color, or finish it in the color of the other furniture. Sooo, I'm going out again soon and I'm trying to decide whether I want to actually dress in something nice. I think I might just stick with my comfy pants. I love them. :) They make me happy.   Hmmm, It's only been 12 days since summer started...wow. It seems like a LOT longer. It hasn't even been two weeks. Yay though!! I'm looking forward to Michigan SO SO much!!!!!!!!!!!! AHHHH! I seriously can't wait. Not only am I going to get to see people I don't get to see often, but I'm going to read Harry Potter too :) YaY!!! Hmmm, this is being dumb so...it's not posting it. Oh well, I'm sure it will eventually. Blogger is weird....Heh, I was so...busy and stuff I forgot about last night. It was...quite interesting, and not really fun at all. So, Kelly, Joanne, Mary Clare and me all go in Mary Clare's car, and Kathryn goes in hers. So, we all meet at Joanne's, and, I don't know...we were trying to decide who to follow downtown, but we all decided to go to the new parking garage since we didn't think there would be any parking in the old one. So, we start off, thinking Kathryn was following us, but then Kathryn cut us off, so we figured, "ok, I guess we're following her now." So, we follow her, but she goes to the old parking garage, and on the first level. We knew we wouldn't get a spot in there, so we go to the top level and find a spot. We walk down to the first level and look for Kathryn and we can't find her anywhere, so after a while, we call her sister at home and ask her to call Kathryn, because we don't know Kathryn's dad's phone, which is what she had. Sooooo, we tell her sister to tell Kath to meet us at Barnes & Noble, and so Kathryn finally does meet up with us...and she was SO mad. I have NEVER seen her so mad in my life. She actually yelled at us. I felt like I was being yelled at by my mother, and then Mary Clare says something, and I just saw it in Kathryn's eyes. I KNEW she'd leave, so she walks away, and Joanne and I follow her. I didn't really agree with her being so mad, but...I just didn't want this thing to be a big deal. I wanted her to stay and have a fun evening.So, we chased her and it was funny because she was walking super fast, and Joanne and I stopped and talked for a minute then ran after her, and then did that again. It was funny running after her because I felt like I was in some movie in slow motion like..."GEEETTT OOOOUUUUTTT OOFF THHEEEE WAYYYYY!!!!!!!" but anyway, finally she said she just needed ten minutes and she'd meet us back at B&N, and so, we start walking back, and Kelly and Mary Clare meet us halfway, and we start talking for a bit, and then go back to B&N, and heh, Kathryn was there already...so, not only could she not find us the first time, but also the second time we weren't where we said we would be. And the problem was, that was the attitude that lingered the whole night. Nobody in the group was too thrilled. We went to the riverwalk, and we got ice cream, and Kathryn apologized and all but still...it was just odd. Oh well, I guess I still had an ok time. Oh and, ok, i wore my pink hoodie because it's comfortable and stuff, and so I was walking down the street, and this guy in a group says, "she's cute, the one in pink" and I try to digest this because...heh, not many people say that, and so...I end up nearly walking into a pole, and THEN if that wasn't enough, I'm laughing so hard from walking into the pole, I walk into a SECOND pole! Wow. Joanne just couldn't stop laughing. Seriously, she's never going to let me live that up. She's going to tell my children that, and then....AHHHH!!!! Joanne, I'm going to hurt you!! Oh well...haha.  Then, today was a lot of fun. I went shopping and got new shoes, and and and...I went out to dinner and I saw Finding Nemo again. I saw Brandon there too!!! :) It was amazing, he was with his family and I with mine, and we all sat in the same row. It was funny stuff. Ah, and now...I think I'm just off to a relaxing evening by myself. I think I'll go read actually...Wow, I really hope she forgives me. I did have fun with her, and I just happened to be in a bad mood. I even asked her if we could go to Great America sometime this summer. I don't know. I feel so bad. I'm sorry diane. I'm really truly sorry. It wasn't you, it was my bad mood and I'm sorry I took it out on you. That's what I'm going to tell her. I think that she'll understand. I think she knows what it's like to have a bad few days. I hope she does at least.Ohhh great, now Diane thinks I'm mad at her because of Pizza Hut and whatnot... :( It wasn't that I didn't have fun at Pizza Hut, it's that I was just in such a bad mood beforehand...that, I just didn't even really let myself have a good time. Oh well. I'll call her later and apologize. I didn't mean to bring my bad mood down on her, and I really did appreciate that she invited me. That was probably the one good thing about that day. Oh well, I'll talk to her and apologize and hopefully she'll forgive me.Ohhh great, now Diane thinks I'm mad at her because of Pizza Hut or whatever. :( It wasn't that I didn't have fun at Pizza Hut, it's that I was just in such a bad mood beforehand...that, I just didn't even really let myself have a good time. Oh well. I'll call her later and apologize. I didn't mean to bring my bad mood down on her, and I really did appreciate that she invited me. That was probably the one good thing about that day. Oh well, I'll talk to her and apologize and hopefully she'll forgive me.SPIRIT is your chinese symbol!    urlLink   What Chinese Symbol Are You?     brought to you by  urlLink Quizilla       You have an entrancing kiss~ the kind that leaves your partner bedazzled and maybe even feeling he/she is dreaming.  Quite effective; the kiss that never lessens and always blows your partner away like the first time.    urlLink   What kind of kiss are you?     brought to you by  urlLink Quizilla     Hmmm, I think I'll add the rest after I go finish socializing. Blah. I feel compelled to socialize and these aren't even my friends.That's kind of funny considering I don't think I'm really that truting with most people. Wow, these quizzes are fun...I think I'll take more.You represent... naivete. So innocent and trusting... you can be very shy at times, but it's only because you're not sure how to act.  You give off that "I need to be protected vibe."  Remember that not all people are good.  Being too trusting will get you easily hurt.    urlLink   What feeling do you represent?     brought to you by  urlLink QuizillaWow, it just ocurred to me that I went to bed at a decent hour last night. Amazing.I don't like throwing parties, especially when it's not my party, but my parents, so I still get stuck doing cleaning and cooking and stuff, but I don't get to see anyone really.So, I just got back from Meijer with my mommy. It was fun. I got a bunch of stuff. I got a hoody, like I need any more of those. Sheesh, I need to stop buying hoodies. They're so comfy though, so they're addictive. YaY hoodies! But, no, bad bad bad me for buying another one. I have like...ten! Who needs that many hoodies? Anyway, I also bought a new purse, and another black and white type shirt. I think I need pastels in my wardrobe. Ah well. I like dark colors so I'm sticking with them. I also got a really neat silvery sparkly belt, and then I got a picture frame. I'm going to stick my favorite picture of my grandma on one side, and then...I don't know. I'm thinking maybe another picture of my grandma on the other side since it's like, a connected picture frame. Maybe I'll find a picture of my mom, me, and my grandma. That would be really neat. I think that's what I'll try to do.   I really just have this sudden surge of...sadness, and loss. I miss her so much right now, and I wish I could just call her and talk to her about stuff right now. Argh. I just keep thinking of the last time I saw her and the last thing I said to her and stuff. It was, "I love you Grandma, see you soon," and she said, "You too Catie." I could tell she was upset. She knew as well as I did that I wouldn't get to see her again. I guess those are great last words to say to someone though. I'm glad I got the chance to say them to her, and I'm glad that I did spend last summer in Michigan. Yeah, I was sort of alone, but I had my cousins, and I really like being alone. My family worried about me because I liked being alone so much. They thought I was really really depressed. I don't see them that often, so I understand why they thought that, but that just made me feel even worse, because I didn't want them thinking I was really depressed and worrying about me along with Grandma. *Sigh* I need to go do something to get myself out of this. I don't really want to go read. Well...I do, but I need to stop. I've been reading so much by the end of summer, I'm not going to have anything to read anymore. I've gotten like...addicted to reading. I think I'm going to read that book, "God's Debris," tomorrow. It's had a really strong impact on everyone who has read it so far, so we'll see how much my beliefs hold up. I'm pretty sure they will. I mean, I'm open-minded, but I do have a strong set of beliefs, and I guess we'll have to see if this book changes anything.  I'm having my mom read it too, but...not my dad I don't think. I think it would just make my dad mad. My dad's beliefs are like...set in stone. Nothing changes his opinions. NOTHING. So, I know all this book will do is make him mad. I'm sure of it. Hmmmm, what else could I do? I don't know if I really want to watch TV, and I don't want to watch a movie, because look at what the last movie I watched by myself did to me. Poo. The Breakfast Club would be ok, but I don't have that soo...nevermind. I could go turn off my away message and actually talk to people. Nah. Forget that. I don't know if I can handle talking to people right now. I feel like if I talk to the wrong person I'll end up making myself mad. I could go to bed, but...not quite yet. Ah well. I'll find something. Maybe there is something good on TV since it's the Fourth of July. Kind of funny how I didn't do anything today that was Fourth of July'ish. Ah well, my parents are having a big party tomorrow night so...I'll probably stay locked up in my room tomorrow too. :) Maybe I'll go rent some movies tomorrow. OK, I'm going to stop typing now. Really.I don't know what's up with me lately. I think I sort of found the source of my problem. I think it's my Grandma. When she died, I was upset...but, I don't know. It was weird. I didn't feel like I was as upset as I should be, and I think because my Grandma gave me The Sound of Music, and because she liked it too, and since I watched it, it's triggoring memories, and I want to talk to her again and I know I can't. I just really miss her right now. It's hard, because I want to talk about it with my mom, but I don't want to make her upset too. Oh well. We're going to Meijer now because...everyone was busy so no one could go see fireworks, and whatnot. I'm not really a huge fan of fireworks anyway. I mean, I like them, but...I can do without them. I guess maybe it was that accident I had when I was 6...  Don't want to remember that...I'm out of here. So long, farewell, auf Wiedersehen, good night...I will never tell you this But Im scared of falling apart  It may seem like Im holding it together But the weather is making it hard Never mind the time or the spinning of your head I can tell my life was changing  Since the minute I met you And if I stop, ever thinking of you,  Ill probably choke on the words I never said  If I, stop, ever thinking of you  I will bury my heart and fall back in my bed And what a sight thatll beWow, I'm in a weird mood, and it's not a mood I particularily like. I can't shake it off though. I'm trying to think of something to do to get rid of it, but...I can't. It's weird. Ever since I watched The Sound of Music I've been in this mood. :( Poo.OK, seriously, I think I pulled a muscle in my back...OK, so, I went out to dinner with everyone yesterday and we got pizza, and we drew another one of those diagrams. Haha. We are such losers. At least the waitress didn't ask for the diagram this time. I bet, last time, they brought it into the kitchen and hung it up on a board that says, "All-time dumbest customers." Haha, good times. Anyway, then we went back to Kelly's and just hung out for a while. It was fun. We played Clue, and some other games and we talked and stuff. We are such losers though. All of us were like, ready to sleep by 11:00 so we just watched Clueless, and then we acted really dumb, because I don't know, because we get silly when we're tired, and Joanne and I were making funny noises, like a like a like a like a like a like a like...semi truck. Haha, "I have so much energy I could run a marathon from Athens to Greece!" Haha, good times good times. Good inside joke sleepover. Oh, and when we watched Clueless, I haven't actually watched that movie in years, and a LOT more of it made sense to me now, like the whole thing where she asks if they have herbal refreshments and stuff. Haha, funny times, funny times.   I didn't get like ANY sleep though. My back hurts so much. I think I must have done something to it. Before it just sort of hurt, now I think it's trying to kill itself. Self-destructing back. Whooo. So, whenever I try to get up from lying down, it kills and blah. I don't like you back! Plus, Kelly's house is extremely warm compared to mine, so...I was really warm all night. Ah well, it was fun just the same.   And now, I have to go clean since my parents are having a party. I think I'll magically dissapear when people start coming though. I don't like being around too many grown-ups. It's scary.My mom thinks something is wrong with me. Heh. She keeps asking me, "Catie, are you sure you're ok?" "Yes mom, I'm fine." "Are you sure? Because I worry. You just seem so...sad." "No, seriously, I'm fine."  Haha, I don't know what I'm doing that makes me seem sad. I mean, my back hurts a lot, so I'm trying not to move as much as I usually would, but I'm not sad. Oh man, tonight's going to be terrible, sleeping on the floor. Ow. I don't even want to think about that right now I don't think. Hmmm. It's hard to write how I'm feeling right now. I don't think I even know. I don't know how to explain it, so I guess it will stay locked away in my head. There's a lot of space up there for stuff like that. Hmmm, I need to go iron my shirt but I really don't want to. I wonder if there's something I can take for my back. Seriously, I feel like an old woman. I've already got white hair, and now my back...what's next? Dentures?  Ohhh, thunder.....  Scary.  Actually, I love storms. They're good when you want to think about something, but I think I'm in one of my moods where if I start thinking, I'll just upset myself. I don't want to be in a bummed out mood before I go to Kelly's. I guess I'll just go iron my shirt then, and get all my stuff ready and whatnot. Sigh. It will be fun, really.Awww, man, I just was watching The Sound of Music while cleaning my room, and it put me in a really depressed mood. I love that movie so much though. It's probably my favorite movie of all time. My grandma gave it to me when I was like, 8 years old and I just can never seem to get sick of it. It always makes me so sad though, which stinks because I don't want to be sad when I go to Kelly's house tonight. I think I'm going there arend 4'ish, and then we're going out for pizza and stuff, and then we're going back to Kelly's for a sleepover. I think it will be a lot of fun. I haven't been to Kelly's for a sleepover in a while. I feel like I should bring something, I just don't know what. AHHH, why did I watch The Sound of Music?? :( That movie always makes me want to cry. I don't know why I love it so much, but...I do.  It's weird, and I can't explain it. I guess people think I'm really weird for loving that movie that much. Not many people even like that movie that I know. Oh well, who cares. It makes me happy, actually, it kind of depresses me, but I love it, so, that's what's important right? Right.   Climb every mountain, search high and low Follow every by way, every path you know Climb every mountain, ford every stream Follow every rainbow, till you find your dream A dream that will need, all the love you can give Everyday of your life, for as long as you live Climb every mountain,&nbsp; ford every stream Follow every rainbow, till you find your dream A dream that will need, all the love you can give Everyday of your life, for as long as you live Climb every mountain, ford every stream Follow every rainbow, till you find your... dream...   Haha, wow I'm a loser. Oh well.OK, so, I'm weak. I'm a bad kid, and I stayed up until 2:00 in the morning reading. Argh. I'm terrible, seriously. I'm weak, WEAK! I need to get stronger. Be more independant, be less...I don't know, nerdy?? Seriously, what loser stays up until 2:00 in the morning to read. This loser. That's who. Poo!!  Hmmm, I think I'll call Joanne tomorrow. I want to help clean up after Rib Fest for Young Life tomorrow night.   Tra la la. OK, so, what makes me even more nerdy, is before I go to sleep, I have to come online and see who's on. GOSH, I AM SUCH A LOSER! Ah well, I guess there need to be losers in the world so that cool people can feel cool, and the cycle of life continues. Which reminds me, I want to watch The Lion King. Hmm, I wonder if my tape still works.   OK, now I'm just typing stuff for the sake of typing stuff, because I have fun typing, and because I don't know. Because I'm just continuously typing. Hehe. Wow, I'm so werid. Seriously, I feel bad for my roommate in college, and my husband, and....yikes. Poor guy. I know living with people before you're married is a sin, but I feel like I owe it to my future husband, so that he doesn't want a divorce two weeks after we're married. Haha, funny what you think of at 2:19 in the morning...  Haha. Wow, I'm being weird. I'm talking to Alex. He's usually the only person I talk to at this time of night. But, we're talking about lots of stuff, mostly my scary family. Haha, I love my family so much, but...it's scary. Or, it would be to people outside of it. Haha Man, I can't wait for Michigan.So, my night was good. I finally started to feel better in the afternoon, and I was hoping Kathryn or Joanne or someone would clal, but they didn't. It ended up being ok though since Kelly invited me to go out. So, I went out to dinner with Kelly, Jim, Chris, and Matthew! I hadn't seen him in so long. I was excited. :) He made this really cool thing with forks, the salt shaker, and toothpicks. It was quite neat. Anyway, after that we went over to Ranchview, and there were surprisingly a lot of people out. I wasn't expecting anyone to be there. Ah well. It was a good night.   Hmmm.....I don't know about some stuff though. I'm really confused. I don't like being confused.BLAH! And ARGH! That's all I've got to say.They're home!!!!!! :) I'm so happy. I went out with Chris and Jim today. I wasn't feeling too well, but I really wanted to talk to Chris and see how the trip went and stuff. I haven't really gotten the chance to talk to Kelly much yet, but I will. Wow, I'm really happy they're home. :) Note to self: get the book God's Debris."Embers of times we had and now, here I stand lost in a memory I see your face and smile." ~Wow, what a beautiful song quote.Well, I've managed to get angry with most of the high school world. Thanks to that dumb kid and him harassing Emily. Who do people think they are? Really? This is what makes me want to get as far away from high school as possible. There are times I really love high school, and then times like now when it dissapoints me so so much. Not, it, but the people dissapoint me. People need to grow up, and realize what they do has consequences, and eventually, what goes around, comes around. I hope. It better. I don't care about how people aren't supposed to want revenge. I do. AHHHHH!!! Why are people like that?? Why can't people be decent to other people?? What the HECK?? I'm sick of this. So sick of it, and I can't believe their friends with him too. They probably think he's really funny. GAH! I'm glad Alex told me. I'll know never to even come close to associating with him. Forget this.Ugh, this makes me absolutely sick. This kid was being a complete jerk to Alex's sister, and I wanted to see who it was, so I went to his profile, and I like...clicked inside the box, and it sent me to the link that was there, which said, "my profile" or something, and it turned out to be a COMPLETELY disgusting picture. Like, absolutely sickening. I was almost physically ill looking at it. ARGH. It just makes me so mad that there are imature people like that in the world. It really does. I mean, it makes me think, "oh goody, these people are the future of our country." ARGH. I'm just still sick to my stomach thinking about it, and not just the picture, but the whole thing in general. I feel bad for that kid if he has to do that for attention. At least I found out who the kid was so I wont become friends with him. What a jerk. A complete jerk.   Guys are sick. Well, not all, but a lot...are really gross. ARGH. I'm really really frustrated now.GrrDiane's right. It's not fair. I want to be a boy. Grrr.So, today was a good day. I read for the majority of the day, and then tonight I went over to Mary Clare's. Well, first we went to Blockbuster to rent a movie. Haha, I knew it would take forever, and it did. Wow! We all couldn't just decide on a movie. We finally did decide on The Breakfast Club! But than...we realized it was rated R. Haha, we spent forever deciding if we should risk going and trying to get it. Mary Clare had her mom's card with her, but still. It was so funny, and man are we terrible, or I am at least, at doing what I'm not supposed to do. I mean, gosh, I was giggling so much, and...I make a terrible rebel. TERRIBLE! So, we're standing there in line, hoping we get to go to the young guy who looks like he might be more lenient, but nooo, we get the older bald fat guy. He still let us check out the movie. I don't think he cared that much, or the card was fine or something. So, then we went to Mary Clare's and watched it. Ohhh! It's such an awesome movie! It made me happy. I guess I can see why they rated it R in the 80's. I mean, it wasn't bad, but it just had a ton of swearing in it, and I guess some sexual inuendo...  Anyway, after that Kathryn left, and Mary Clare, Kelly, Joanne, and I just kind of sat around and talked. It was fun. I'm glad I'm close friends with them, and have them. They're such goreat friends. They're like my little group of best friends. I have scattered friends outside of that, like band people and whatnot, but no groups like that. We're really all close. I never thought I'd have an actual, "group" in high school. I guess I always thought I'd be a loner haha. Kind of funny...  We just talked about where we want to go to college, and what we want to do in life, and just some serious stuff. I don't know what I'll do without them when we all go to different colleges. It'll be weird not having them to always go to.   So, after a while, we decided we wanted to go out or something, so we went to Colonial, which was fun too. We sat and ate our ice cream and talked and blah blah. It was fun. And then, we just came home, and that was the evening. Exciting stuff I tell you, exciting stuff. I'm quite content right now with just having ice cream, and having a nice night out with my friends. I think I'm going to go to bed earlier than usual tonight and wake up really early tomorrow, go to church, and clean. YaY for church. Boo for cleaning. Ah well, I'll go read my book probably for another 2 hours. That usually happens even if I go to bed before 1. When I don't, it's even worse. I actually want to go to PrincetonReview.com. Kelly, and Kathryn said it was a good college site to go to.   So, good night to all, and to all a good night. Haha, that was always such a dumb phrase to me...I never liked it much...Just took my last really good shower for a week. There's only well water where I'm going, so...it's not nice to shower in. All those minerals. Ahhhh. My hair. Haha. Maybe I'll bring some shampoo out in the lake with me and wash my hair. haha, that'd be great I'm so going to do that now. Anywho, I am OUT OF HERE!!!!!!!!!!!!! :) SO LONG SUCKERS!!!!!!!!!Wow, I actually did it. I stayed up the whole night and did laundry and stuff. Whoooo. Fun stuff. It's also funny how everything seems so much more amusing when you're sleep deprived. :) So, I guess I'll go finish my actual packing and whatnot.I think I want to write to keep myself awake,. This staying up all night thing isn't easy AT ALL. Gah. Ah well. I wont be able to write for a whole week too! Unless, I can come online, but...I doubt I'll really have the time to. I seriously just can't wait to go swim in the lake, and go on the boat, and just lie in the sand and read. Mmmmmm. I'm so so excited.   I've been thinking about a lot of stuff lately. Like, Joanne leaving in August and stuff. I'm just, really really going to miss her. She's one of the very few people I feel I can trust. I don't know why, but I really feel comfortable telling her important things. I don't think she'd tell anyone. I think she thinks so too about me. I mean, we don't really see each other as often as I'd like, but...when we do talk, it's really awesome because we can tell each other stuff. I still need to think of something to get her for when she goes away. It has to be small so she can bring it, but something useful...or, just, something really good. Ahhh! I need to think of something. I also need to think of something to get my mother for her birthday. Man, I suck at thinking of gifts for people.  Hmmmm, I wonder if my other load of laundry is done yet. Probably not. Probably I'm just wishing it's done. Probably I'm just a big loser. Probably I should stop saying, "probably."  I'm taking to Alex about my slight problem. I don't know what to do. I mean...he pulled me onto his lap, well, not Alex, haha, but this other guy. No guy has ever done that before. It's just weird, and I don't know what to think. I don't know if I should try going out with him. He is really funny, and nice, but...he does some stuff I don't like, and I guess....I don't know. I really don't. Trouble is, I really like being liked. Being liked just feels really really great. *Sigh* Ah well.    I wonder what the meaning of life is. I was just contemplating that question. I think that there isn't a meaning to life in general, but a meaning to each person's life. Like, there's a meaning to my life, and a meaning to the life of the person sitting across from me. Heh, you know what's incredibly mind-boggling though? Thinking of infinity. Or...black holes. It's just...wow. See what happens to my mind late at night? I get weird...strange...psycho...................  And then I start using dots. Heh, funny point Alex just brought up in our conversation. "Funny how everyone knows more than me." Heh. So true, in certain situations it's funny how you should know something, and yet, everyone around you knows first. It's just...ridiculous. And, gosh I wish I knew what people thought of me honestly. Like, it'd be nice to know who's worth really trying to be friends with. OK....'nother load of laundry to go put in...whoooo....Ahhhh, ok, I'm doing laundry and stuff right now. I forgot to say part of my day today. Alex brought me the cd's I asked him for, there were like...ten! It's so amazing. I wont have any trouble trying to pick music tomorrow. Haha. YaY! But, I'm kind of dreading the car ride. Blah. I've never liked car rides that much. Sometimes I do. Actually, come to think of it, they're ok. Haha. Usually I just sleep or read. Problem is, I have trouble reading in the car, because I can't just focus on the page, I see everything going by me so fast on the side, and my stomach starts to go blah. Ah well, I'll sleep, and listen to the music Alex gave me. That rocks so much. I love him! haha.   Hmmm, I'm trying to decide what to do between all my loads of laundry. I might just read or something, but eh. I  don't have to clean really...for once in my life, my room is semi-clean. Haha, I want it to be too, since we're having neighbors watch our dogs and cat, and...eh, I'd rather my neighbors think I'm a clean psycho girl, instead of a messy one.   Hmmm, I wonder if my phone has outrageous roaming charges. Probably. I'll probably just ask if I can use my mom's phone card to call a few people. Who knows though? I'll hopefully be having so much fun....well, I want to miss my friends, but it is only a week.    Hmmmm, I don't think I really want to play video games, oooo, the Sims! The Sims ALWAYS makes time go by really fast. Wheee. I love them. It's so cute. Tra la la. I don't even know what I'm talking about anymore, so I'm just going to stop typing...Haha. My mom says we're leaving somewhere between 7 and 9 tomorrow morning, so we should be leaving at about 9:30.Wow, I had a really great time today. I spent it with Chris and Matthew, and yeah I'm going to have to stay up all night to get everything done, but it was worth it to have such a good day with them. We just hung out and stuff. I'm going to miss both of them, but it's only a week, so...yeah. I'm really excited though. I can't wait to get there tomorrow afternoon. Woo Hoo. I really do need to go majorly do some laundry, and pack. yikes. I've only got like....twelve hours til I leave.Hmmm, I'm in a really pensive mood for some reason tonight. It's odd. But yeah.....Oh well, it was cool. I went to the mall, and....heh, I got a halter top. Me....the one who wears long sleeves in summer. Scary scary scary. I also got a new pair of jeans, and a new t-shirt, and yeeeesh, I'm a shopaholic. I admit it. I have a problem. I think that's step one...admitting you have a problem. Hmmm. Yes. Well, anyway, I was going to write about what I'm thinking but I don't really feel like it anymore. I guess I can write about something, because it really bothers me. I wish people would realize how well off they have it compared to the rest of the world. You know, I mean....not all people certainly. I bet people are going to think I'm talking about them in this. Like, certainly not people who are unhappy because of something big that happened, and they can't really help it, or people who's parents are really really tough to live with, but....I guess. I don't know. A lot of times, I think people can be really selfish. I know I can too, but...when it's excessive, that's when it really bothers me. Ah well, I guess I should just go now or something.I think my back is finally sort of improving....sort of, hopefully. It's better than yesterday at least. Yesterday was pretty bad. Ah well.AHHHH! I'm so excited. Yeah, so I'm going Saturday morning instead of tomorrow afternoon, but it's ok. I bet most of the people will get there on Saturday anyway, and then we'll have a big get together Saturday night. YES! I guess I'm going to go finish some laundry and packing and stuff.Cancun????????????? CANCUN????? Of all the places to take your son...you take him there. If I could even stand up without my back hurting, I would run and go punch something.GAH!!! So, Ryan's parents decided to go on vacation tomorrow. What?? What is this??? His mom told me when I called Ryan's, because I usually end up talking to her for like...fifteen minutes before Ryan, haha, but....GAH!!!!!!!!!! She's like, "Yeah, we decided just this mroning to go." She thought Ryan had already told me, but...noooo, he didn't. He said sorry about a thousand times, and I'm not mad or anything, just extremely bummed. I was going to spend a really nice night with him tomorrow night. We were going to go have a picnic and stuff, since I was going on vacation Friday, which turns out not to be til Saturday anyway. GAH. I'm so frustrated right now, and on top of everything else something's bothering me that shouldn't be bothering me at all. Poo on a stick. I don't even know if I'll get to see Ryan tomorrow because I'll be gone all tomorrow morning. PLUS to add on to this, I didn't get to see Joanne today, and we didn't get to watch Hitch Hiker's because of my dumb back. I'm going to go beat my pillow up now...excuse me.I got up! I got up!!! I can't really move like...at all, but I got up!!! :)I'm not so sure about stuff. He's not really my....type I guess, but I feel I should give it a shot.Tonight was ok. I went out with Chris, and then it ended up being me, Chris, Jim, and this kid Ryan who...I don't know, after what he did to Emily, that's not cool...but, I was still decent to him. He's funny, but I still don't think what he did to Emily was right. We just watched errr, I keep forgetting the name of the movie, but it was funny, and then we watched Ghost ship. Man, the acting was so terrible, but the movie was semi-entertaining. I think I drank too much water today though. Haha. And my back still hates me, and I think I'm just going to go to bed early. Seriously. I'm just going to leave my computer soon. And STAY AWAY FROM IT! ahhhh! OK, I'm done. I'm going to say bye to everyone now. Really....Holy cow!!! The Breakfast Club is on!!! :)Argh. I'm really really really confused. Mostly about this guy. I don't know. I really don't. I think maybe I'll go on a date with him and see. Just, see what happens. I don't know.Tonight was ok. I went over to Kathryn's house and just hung out with her, Joanne, and Clary Mare haha....for a while. We talked about....errr....interesting stuff. Haha, good times, good times. It was fun. And now, I think I'm off to go read then go to bed. I don't feel much like typing, and my back REALLY hurts. :(   So long, farewell, auf Wiedersehen, good night.So tired. *Yawn* I can't wait to sleep, but...I haven't talked to Chris in like...4 days, so...I want to finish my conversation with him. :) Hehe, yay Michigan. I'm excited, excited, excited! :)You are Psychic!    urlLink   What's Your Magic Power?     brought to you by  urlLink Quizilla    Haha, sweet. I'm like Ms. Cleo. Call me now! :)    cuddle and a kiss on the forehead - you like to be close to your special someone and feel warm, comfortable, and needed    urlLink   What Sign of Affection Are You?     brought to you by  urlLink Quizilla    Hehehe, ok, I'm not going to put this one in here because the picture was....well, not nice, but, I'll put the results in. The test was, "What type of porn movie would you be in?" This is what it said...  Disney movie! What the HELL are you doing taking this quiz, Goldilocks?! You're not a very sexual person...in fact, you're probably a virgin. You'd be better off trying your hand at voice-overs for a Saturday morning cartoon.  Haha, I thought that was funny. I need to tell that to Brandon. He always said I was a porn star.    You are Bob Marley!    urlLink   Who are you?     brought to you by  urlLink Quizilla     Sweet.  OK, I think I'm done with the quizzes for now. I think I'm off to sleep. :) YaY sleep. You never let me down!I found out so much weird stuff about my family last night. Like, seriously, so many things have been said in the last 24 hours that have COMPLETELY shocked me.Ahahahahaha, I just told Chris. He thinks it's funny too. I think I'll tell Brya too, and that's it. After that....I shall never speak of it again except with Lauren, Sara, Max, Conor, Chris, and Bryan....until next year that is haha.Oh gosh, I can't believe I forgot this too! Haha, we got arrested!!! Out on the water. Well, not me, but Lauren, Anri, (Diana's husband, forgot to mention him) Peter and Dieter. They took one of the jetskiis out, and had a tube attached behind it, and it was only a three person jetski, and we didn't know you weren't allowed to have more than three people, with the tube attached and all, and we got stopped by the sherriff!!! Peter offered Dieter for ransom while they went and found Uncle Timmy. It was SO funny. So, we just got a ticket and stuff. But, it was funny....Ah, I forgot to say something when I was talking about Dieter and the blackjack tournament. Holy cow, that kid's the luckiest 13 year old I've EVER met. When he turns 21 I'm bringing him to Vegas for me. The three games we played, we played for money, and like...each of us would have to put in ten dollars (the first game) and then five dollars for the games the other nights. Dieter won almost 200 dollars....what's a 13 year old need money like that for??? Grrr. Haha. Ah well. I really am off....for a bit at least...Wow. OK, I'm back and there's SO much to write about right now. AHHHH! I don't even know where to begin.  First off, I missed the DT concert sadly. It was today, and someone told me it was the 30th or something, and the thing is, I was supposed to come home yesterday but we decided to come home a day later which I am actually very VERY happy for, because my last night there was absolutely AMAZING. haha. Such good times. The whole trip was just, so much fun, I think it's the most fun I've had up there ever. Basically, my uncle has this cottage, and we go up there the second week in July every year and then there's like, this strip of cottages that are connected, There's like, 5 little cottage suite things, and then there's what we call the honeymoon sweet, and the efficiency bellow that. And these things are all connected, and we rent out the whole place. It's just what we do. The owner knows we do. It's sort of a dump place, but...it's like tradition. People have been staying there for as long as I can remember, and it's pretty cheap partially because my uncles take care of a lot of stuff there and clean out the pool and whatnot, but yeah, we rent out the whole place and it's tons of fun. It's called the Terra. That's not where I stay though. I stay at my uncle's cottage which is really really nice, and the beach is right there, and you can go down anytime you want and whatnot. So, everyone in my family comes pretty much, 4 uncles, 5 aunts since one of the aunts divorced her husband who is actually my blood relative, but I haven't seen him in years. Heh, kind of funny how I keep in contact more with his wife and kids than with him considering his wife isn't blood related and stuff, but yeah...Then there's my mom and dad, and my brother even went up this year, and then I have all my older cousins, Joanna, Diana, Paula, Patrick, Chris, Brian, and Erin Chris' wife, and then friends of the family, the shantas, Sam and them, and then Meghan and Chelsea and Nicole. Chelsea and Nicole are like...fricking demon spawn, but....perhaps I'll get to that later. Meghan's really really cool though. I'd never got to know her before this trip, and it was awesome. She's so so nice. Then there's Shalane, and heh, I think that's it for older people up there. Haha, wow sometimes it amazes me how many people all go up there. THEN, heh, there's the kids my age, my three cousins who are all within a year and a half of my age (I'm the oldest in that little group, yay) Sara, Lauren, and Max were all there, and of course Max brought Conor up who he's been bringing up for like...six years now. And then finally, there's the younger kids, Daniell, Sara's little sister, and Peter Max's little brother, and then Peter's friend Dieter. Heh, I think it's cute how they're best friends and their names rhyme, but I'm weird like that. SO, that's all the people I think haha. Wow. So many. But, Max, Conor, Lauren, Sara, and I all hang out together and whatnot. I've got so many more inside jokes after this trip with them...  TJ the Taliban job, bus or butt slut, FS the boat slut, opperations abomination, anialation, and denomination, chillin' in the 'ator, walking into invisible glass doors, the mother, the prude, and the drunken cheerleading slut, Theo, Red Dragon (did we FINALLY see it?) evil bumper boats, yokels, creepy old lady checking us out, Chhhhrrriiiissss, 50 back rubs, loner? pepper? Sara's plot to kill Conor, drills, someone's in the kitchen with Dina..., "I love you guys!" Steal the dear, step one...get regina girls, go-karts, and what's scary is that this list could probably keep going a lot longer...  We just went over to the Terra every night basically and hung out, and did stupid stuff, and kept getting told to get up and go actually do something because all we would do would be sit around. The beach was awesome too, going on the jetskiis. That was SO sweet. I went on with max, and I got up to like...63 mph, and I did a bunch of pretty difficult turns. It was awesome because I don't always get to talk to Max much, and we spent a good two hours out on the water. And...we only fell off once, and that was because I jumped off because I thought we were going to tip over haha. Sara threw Conor off THREE times. It was crazy.   Wow, it's hard to even explain what a good time I had. I mean, it just rocked so much, and then last night was the best of all, but I don't want to write about that in here. Haha. I'm not sure if anyone will know about that. I'm trying to decide if and who to tell. I'm listening to Sara, Lauren, and my song right now.....actually, we have two, haha. My neck, my back....whoo, such a dirty song. That and Colt 45. So great. I LOVED it. Maybe I'll write more later as I remember more about this week, but I just really thoroughly enjoyed myself, and I can't WAIT til next year. Oh yeah....Sam's little talk with Lauren and me....haha. So great. "I'm SERIOUS. Don't until you really love him..." for a half hour haha. And then that guy at the go-karts getting annoyed with Conor.   *Sigh* I'm kind of sad I couldn't stay til tomorrow when everyone else is leaving, because tonight would have rocked too if I could have. Plus, I wish we could have stayed overnight at the Terra more often, Sara Lauren, and me. I guess they're worried since Conor isn't related to any of us. I guess it's understandable, but...we're going to really try to change that next year and talk them into it. We never left before like....2:00 in the morning anyway. Last night, or this morning we didn't leave til 4! But, that was because of the blackjack tournament Oh gosh, that was so much fun too. I kept like....doing really well, and then I'd have to bet it all to keep up with Dieter, and I'd lose. That happened two out of the three games I played. And that stupid pink flmingo lamp my mom bought haha. I love it. Man, there's just so much to remember I don't want to forget anything so I'm trying to write it down but I still know I'm forgetting LOADS of stuff.   OK, I swear...I'm going now. My neck, my back, lick my.....  Wow, what a dirty song....There's a song that's inside of my soul It's the one that I've tried to write over and over again I'm awake in the infinite cold But you sing to me over, and over and, over again   So I lay my head back down and I lift my hands and prey To be only yours, I prey To be only yours, I know now You're my only hope  Sing to me the song of the stars Of your galaxy dancing, and laughing, and laughing again When it feels like my dreams are so far Sing to me of the plans that you have for me over again  So I lay my head, back down and I lift my hands and prey To be only yours, I prey to be only yours, I know now You're my only hope....  I give you my destiny I'm giving you all of me I want your symphony singing in all that I am  At the top of my lungs, I'm givin' it back  So I lay my head back down And I lift my arms and prey to be only yours, I prey to be only yours, I prey To be only yours I know now, you're my only hope...  I know this is odd, but this song just started playing. I guess it was on my playlist. I didn't mean for it to be, because usually when I hear it, I start crying. It's not that I really like Mandy Moore. In fact I don't like much of her music, but It's the first song that...I don't know, it really impacted me after my grandma died. It's the first song that made me cry over her. Like, I didn't understand why I wasn't crying. I was upset, just not crying, and when I heard this song I just burst into tears. The song's not even really about that. The song would be about me dieing. But, I just listened to this song so many times after I first heard it, and truly admitted to myself that she was gone. It makes me wish I could just give her ONE last hug. Just one....and talk to her one last time, and have Christmas Eve with her just one last time, and see her happy and carefree just......one last time.Well, ok, I DID go to bed at a semi-reasonable hour but then I started reading Harry Potter, and here I am...  I don't really know what I'm going to write about because not much goes on in my life, well, not much that I really want to write in here so that everyone can read it. Ah, there is something. Kelly and I are going to go to the pet store on Saturday, and I'm going to buy a fishy!!! Kelly's lending me one of her many tanks. I never knew she liked fishes so much. That's really good to know actually...I think we'll have a great time. I miss hanging out with Kelly. Kelly C that is. I miss Kelly S too, but she wont be back til Sunday.  I kind of wish I were back in Caseville right now, I really miss it. Like...just right now. Most of the time I'm happy to be home, but it WAS a nice escape, I must admit. Caseville is like....ghetto Disney World. In Disney World, you never know what's going on in the real world. You don't watch the news...well, most people don't, but they try to make it that type of atmosphere where you don't even realize there is a world around you. Hehe...it's funny, I can't really feel my fingers much right now. My hands are so cold. Actually, I'M so cold. I should really close my window, and seeing as it's right next to me.....'eh, oh well. Is that laziness or what?? But, Caseville is like the ghetto Disney World, because you don't normally know what's going on in the real world, and you can escape, and just act goofy, and have a good time...while avoiding yokels. :)  Hmmm....what else? I actually talked to Chris on the phone today. Heh. Like, for more than five minutes. It was odd, I haven't talked to him on the phone since school since we've seen each other a lot over the summer. I'm going to miss him when he goes to camp. Gosh....I've had pretty good luck with guy best friends. I don't know why I'm thinking of this. It sort of reminds me of when I was friends with Andy. I feel terrible for Diane, and I think what he did was terrible, but I don't know. He was so easy to talk to and relate to. It's weird. Our friendship just ended so abruptly. Ah well. I don't think what he did to Diane was right, and I don't know if I'd really want to associate with someone who does that, but it still doesn't change that he was easy to talk to.   I'm just thinking of everyone I haven't talked to in so long...Amanda. I haven't even talked to her since she was diagnosed with cancer. They say they think she'll be alright, and...I didn't think I should mention it to her. According to my mom who heard from Amanda's mom, Amanda just sort of avoidied the conversation about it. I'm really glad Amanda's mom is one of my mom's best friends. I like to know how Amanda is. I feel like calling her, or IM'ing her sometimes, but it's weird. I think it would just be awkward.   Its odd how I'm thinking of all these people I haven't talked to in a long time. Like...Anna Krise. I wonder what happened to her. I wonder if she still goes to our school....actually, I could just go be sensible and look in the yearbook, yeah??  Well, I found her picture in the yearbook, so....obviously she still goes to our school. I wonder how many of those crazy rumors are true. I've known her so long. She didn't seem the type of little girl who would grow up to be suicidal. I suppose no little girls seem that way. I used to dislike her so much though. I always wanted to forget her when Kelly and I did stuff. I was such a mean kid. Actually, forget the past tense. I AM such a mean kid.   And then, what about Heather? Ah good old Heather, I wonder what happened to her. I mean, I know she still goes to my school and all, but I wonder if she started hanging out with better people yet. I hope so. She could do so much with herself. Like, seriously, I think she's incredibly smart, but she never seemed to show it. She always seemed to go with the wrong people.   The old daycare gang. And then David? Oh, I need to give David a call. I really miss him and his hugs since he moved to Georgia. I haven't talked to him in forever. :(   And then, finally, what happened to Nick Mascaro? I need to find someone who went to Kennedy who knows what happened to him. Him and his Blue bear. I really really miss him! He was always the sweetest kid. A little shy, and a little dorky, but so sweet. I wonder if anyone knows how I can get a hold of him or something. I don't want to ever forget him.   It's odd thinking how much I've changed as a kid. I probably still look the same haha. I'm even still really short!!! Maybe I'll never truly grow up. Maybe I'll stay a kid forever. But, I do want to go to college which isn't exactly a kid thing. I mean, I'm really quite happy with my life right now, but I'm also looking forward to meeting new people, and living on my own, and trying new things, and...I really think college will be fun. I don't think I'm going to continue with my music though. I really don't. Mr. Alstadt is like...convinced I will, but...I just don't love it enough to be a musician. Musicians have to truly love what they, because they have to stick with it even when it's not the best paying job. And all this makes me wonder, why do I do it now? I don't know really. I'm not looking forward to band camp really. It'll be so much work, and the only part of marching band I really like is the social part. Well, I do like marching sometimes, but I LOATHE band camp. So, why am I doing it?? I'm sure I'll find my answer once I get into the season and stuff.   Wow, I've written a lot tonight. Reminiscing and wondering. Ah, I think I shall truthfully go to bed now. Hopefully...   I'll probably stay awake and watch City Confidential. Haha. I'm SUCH a loser...but I like the show...  Sweet dreams...err....everyone in their right mind is asleep right now dreaming so....sweet dreams Catie! :)Wow, it's so weird. For the first time in a really really long time my room is like...completely clean. It's odd. I feel like I can't touch anything because if I do.....it will all be ruined. I put all my stuffed animals...well, not all, some of them are on my shelf, but a lot of stuffed animals on my bed for the first time in a long long time. I'm going to try to sleep with them on there. Usually, I sleep with one or two stuff animals but I have like, 15 on my bed right now, and then maybe another 15 on my shelf. And THEN, there's the ones out in the shed, and my beanie babies. Wow, I never realized how many stuffed animals I have...I guess I liked them as a child. Actually...I still like them, hehe. So, my day wasn't a complete waste although I didn't do anything that I was planning on doing. Ah well, such is life. I did something much more productive...not as fun...but more productive!Man, I am a cleaning maniac! In the past two hours I have, picked up my entire room, which is no small feat. I have wiped down everything in my room, and pledged stuff. I have totally cleaned my bathroom. Scrubbed the tub, washed the counter, cleaned the toilet! Man...seriously, I loathe cleaning but it's not so bad once you're done haha. Actually, I'm not quite done. I still have to wash my floor and the bathroom floor. That's the problem with wood flooring in one's room. It has to be washed AND swpet, not just vacuumed. Hmmm, what else has been going on? Not too much. I have prospects that I'll ACTUALLY get to get my new furniture soon. I realllly really hope. I'm excited. I saw this really nice duvet set from target actually. I don't usually shop at Target, but eh. I'm thinking about getting it. Going out with Ryan didn't work out. I didn't see any sense in him driving all the way here when we would only get to spend maybe two hours together. It takes him half that long to get there and back. So, why bother? He said he would, but...eh I didn't feel much like actually getting dressed. It's funny, I take a shower in the morning, and then if I don't think I'm going to go out, I just out a new pair of pajamas back on. I LOVE pajamas. :) They're so comfy. I think I may need to go take another shower though. I smell like....amonia from all the cleaning stuff. Mixture of fantastik, some bathtub scrub stuff, and toilet bowl cleaner. Blah! I'm in a pretty cheery mood right now though, even though I haven't been doing anything really fun today or anything. I'm kind of bummed since I can't go downtown with Katharine and her friend Kristie tomorrow, but I know I'll have another opportunity. They'll go some other time. Oh, and Kelly's coming home Sunday!!! She didn't get to go to California though. I wonder why...  Ah well, a mystery of life that I shall probably find out Sunday when she gets home! :) I'm outta here to go wash my room floor, my bathroom floor, and my brother's room floor, aren't I nice? And then a shower. I might write later tonight, but I'm not really planning on coming online.cleaning....and cleaning....and more cleaning! Yippee!Errr, I had something here for a while, but I decided to get rid of it and hope no one saw it, because I don't think I want anyone to know anymore.Gosh, I still have that Mary Tyler Moore song stuck in my head. Grrrr. It's never going to leave. I know if I listen to, "my neck, my back" it will, but see...the Mary Tyler Moore song is beter to mumble sing than, "My neck, my back." So, I suppose that's best.   I went out to dinner with my family for my mom's birthday. It was nice, but now I'm extremely full. Kelly was going to take me for a drive since she got her license today!! But, I had to go to dinner so hopefully she can tomorrow.   Nothing more to say really.Well, I'm off to go out to dinner for my mom's birthday. YaY. I'm so hungry too. Yum.I have been thinking way too much. For many people, that would not be something to be concerned about. In fact, it may even be advisable for those of our peers and fellow citizens who have not stretched their minds to the full extent of their gray matter since attempting to comprehend those dastardly, evasive times tables, except those people's minds have probably atrophied hopelessly by now. I, on the other hand, think so much about nothing at all, or about one thing constantly, until i whip myself up into a state that is both a tizzy and a stupor at the same time. This leads to a blatant manifestation of my normally subordinate fantasy life, and a contemplation of a variety of sensible and useless things.  Sigh...what's the matter with me?Hehehehehehehe, how exhilerating!OK, I just thought this was the funniest thing. Conor made it up. It makes me laugh.  The world is divided up into two kinds of people, morons and those who manipulate morons.  Anyone smart enough to surpass the moronic spectrum, always manipulates the morons, whether they are aware they are being bastards or not.  Fortunately for me, I'm one of the elite bastards.YES!!! Lauren's going to try to get me a regatta shirt. That's so awesome. I really wanted one. I can't wait til next year. Hopefully I can actually be in it.  So, I've got this song stuck in my head. The one from the Mary Tyler Moore show. Haha, kind of funny seeing as I haven't watched that show in so very long.  How will you make it on your own? This world is awfully big Girl this time you're all alone But it's time you started living It's time you let someone else do some giving  Love is all around  No need to waste it You can never tell Why don't you take it? You might just make it after all You might just make it after all....   You know what's worst of all of this? That I know the fricking words.It's weird, I'm talking to Conor and having a real conversation. It's not awkward like it used to be. I'm not nervous talking to him, and I don't feel weird about it. It's cool. I like talking to him, and I think he'd be a really good friend to have. This year in Caseville just changed so many things it's unbelievable. I'm still shocked honestly.I still find it hard to believe how one spontaneous thing can ruin two relationships, and hurt so many people. I just feel so bad for everyone involved in this. It's terrible. I'm glad it wasn't me, because....I would just feel awful. I'm trying to help somehow, but...it's hard to help with something like this. *Sigh* Ah well, we shall see.So, I'm going out with Bryan and Chris today. I went out with Jim and Chris last night. It was cool, but today should be exciting since I haven't seen Bryan in a long time, and him and Chris are the only two that knpw, so I'm really looking forward to it. Anyway I guess I'll go take a shower and stuff.How could I forget this too? Oh well, this deserved it's own entry.  WORD.Colt 45 and two zig zags, baby that's all we need...  Haha, wow, what a song.   Seriously, I was just talking to Lauren and Max and we were talking about how different this year was but how great it was. It's like....we can all trust each other, and we all really got along. It's not just Max and Conor as a group, and then Lauren, Sara, and me. It's all of us, and it rocks, and I honestly think I'll talk to them more often now. Man...It really just amazes me how much one night can change so much. Your views, the people you hang out with, how you see life.  Strangely, it changed me. The whole week changed me. I think it's a change for the better though...just thoughts...OK, haha, I thought of more to write about....more that I forgot about. Sara and I washed our hair in the lake since well water doesn't get out shampoo! It was so great, and also when Lauren and I were walking back from the Bella Vista, one guy honked at us, and this old lady was like....staring at us. It was so CREEEEPY!  I also learned some errr....interesting pick-up lines. You take your packets and pull the insides out, and you go up and say, "Hey, have you ever kissed a rabbit between it's ears before?" Haha, so dirty....and yet, so funny. Then the other one, which I'll probably actually use is, "how much does a polar bear weigh?" "Enough to break the ice!"My mood's improving slightly. Not significantly, but slightly.I'm just listening to that Mary Tyler Moore song right now....."You're gonna make it after all."  Gosh I loathe being bummed. And I feel guilty for it too usually. I don't have it hard at all. My life is so easy. My life is cake. Seriously. This is so dumb, why am I feeling bad for myself?I have learned something tonight. When you're already in a bad mood, don't get online and talk to people who are in extremely good moods. It's hard to be happy for someone when you're in such a crappy mood, and you just want to tell them to shut up, and you feel reallllly bad for that. OK, maybe that's just me, but that's how it is with me. It's like, "why can't I be in a mood like yours?"   Ah well, I guess I really need to stop wishing stuff and face reality. But reality apparently doesn't like me much. Well, of course it does, just not in some subjects. Relationship wise, life hates me with a deep fiery burning passion that eats away at it's soul. But really, that's the only way reality doesn't like me.   I should just go and stop wallowing in self pity. Everything is great, right? So I don't have a boyfriend, big deal. So what? So people don't like me? Who cares. I've got myself, and I always will. Take that reality.I had a pretty good evening.   I went over to Kath's with Kelly and Mary Clare. We were going to watch Sixteen Candles, but they didn't have it, which is ok because I've already seen it, so instead we got, Just Married. It was surprisingly...a lot better than I expected it to be. It was pretty funny. So, after that, we just kind of sat around and talked for a while. It was just a fun night with the girls.   Hmmm, I just figured something very cool out. Haha, fun. OK, I'm out of here. G'night everyone.So, I haven't written in a little bit actually. Yesterday was really really good. I thought it might have been awkward but it was so fun. I went out with nikki who got a red car!!! Ahh, so cute! And we went out to lunch and just talked and stuff, and then we went back to her house, and had smoothies. Ohhhh, they were SO yummy. mmmm, now I want one! But anyway, then we went on her trampoline for a bit with her sister and her friend, and we played some volleyball and stuff like that. It was just a fun time.   Then, last night I went out with Bryan and Chris which was also quite fun. We went to McDonald's annddd then to Ranchview, and finally I gave in and watched Super Troopers with them, which I didn't want to watch just because I didn't want to watch a movie. It was a really good movie, but...I would have enjoyed it more had I wanted to watch a movie. It was still really funny.   So, basically that was my day yesterday. Just a really fun day in all. I think.....hmmm....I think....I think I'm not going to write what I'm thinking. Heh. I always do that. I start writing something, then realize I realllly shouldn't write that, but yeah. Then todayyy.....I went to Kelly's house, and we worked on our group preasent for Joanne!! :( Wow. I miss her and she's only away at camp!!! I can't imagine when she goes to England. She called me too!!! And I missed it. Grrrrr!!!! Ah well, she said she'd try back, so....hopefully I'll be home when she calls. I have to remember to send her my letter tomorrow.   Note to self....SEND JOANNE HER LETTER!!!  Then, tomorrow, I'm not sure what I'll do. The next couple of weeks will be weird. Chris will be gone because of Birch Creek, Kelly will be in Ireland, Kathryn just seems....permanently down about Joanne and whatnot, and I don't hang out with Mary Clare a lot. I'm hoping to hang out with Kelly C., or Bryan some, since I don't get to hang out with them that much. Haha, and I just told Bryan about the incriminating pictures. I really shouldn't have haha. Ah well.   I think I'm off to sleep. I love sleeping. :)Wow, what a good day! :-D I got to spend time with Ryan and then Chris and I watched Signs tonight. Holy cow, that's a SCARY movie. It was funny, I got home and my whole house was dark, so I ran up the stairs and my hallway was dark, and so was my room, and I started freaking out. Haha. I ran out to the hall and flicked tbe switch on really fast. Haha, creeeepy. Anyway, I think i'm off to do something productive....or not. Probably not. Eh. Oh well.Weellll, Ryan came over today :) It was a lot a lot a LOT of fun. We just kind of hung out, and we watched a movie, and, it was just so much fun. :-D I miss hanging out with him, but he lives so far, so it's not easy. We walked to the park too. Wow, such a good day.OK, yay! I got my new mattress this morning! I'm so excited. Well, my new bed. Haha, I know it may be silly, but my old one was so uncomfortable. I think I'll go back to sleep just to I can sleep on it and test it out. Also, I had a revelation. Genevieve, is a pig. She is not a fish, no no, she is a pig. She always goes for the food before Theo even gets a chance. Poor Theo.I got two fishes today, and a REALLY big tank. Well, not really big, but pretty big. The two gallon tank was two more dollars than the ten gallon tank. What's with that?? Haha, weird stuff, right? Anyway, one is black, and so so pretty, and the other is white with a gold head. They're fan tail fish. I went with Kelly to get them! So exciting! I didn't tell my parents until after I got home, but they didn't care. It was my money, and I'm keeping them in my room. YaY!!!! It's so cool. I named the black one Theodore (in honor of the poor Caseville fish who had a tragic death) and the white one with the gold head Genevieve. Hehe. Such fun.Despondent I believe the word is...Why is it I keep second-thinking entries and I come back and replace them with rubbish like this?How ironic that I should have the song, "if I Only Had a Brain," stuck in my head.OK, seriously...I'm going to go to sleep. I am. Honestly. OK, so, I'll probably go lie in bed and read, but who cares? It'll be sort of sleeping. It will at least be lying down.Note to self: Get a new watch.La la la. I really need to go to sleep, but I don't want to remake my bed after the, "incident."  So, I'll just sing a song to myself, but what song? I could make up a song...Wow. There is WAY too much testosterone in my house right now. Seriously. My mom's gone so it's my dad, my brother, and a bunch of my brother's friends. Argh. Toooo many males. I'm just hiding in my room. That's quite fun.  So, I'm pretty sure my dog was sprayed by a skunk, and she just jumped on my bed!!! Argh, how annoying. Ah well. These things happen.  Hmmm, I think I scare Dave H. Haha. not surprising I suppose. I think I scare a lot of people.   That's just funny. I'm not sure how, but it's funny.Unfortunately, I'm not tired at all. I SHOULD be sleeping right now, but I'm just not tired at all. I'm kind of in a sad mood too. Oh well, I guess everyone has sad moods. Hmmm, I'm listening to Louis Armstrong...What a Wonderful World. Such a great song, but it really doesn't suit my mood.  I can't decide if I'm looking forward to, A. Band camp and B. School. I really don't know. I'm worried about band camp. I think the only people I can live with for more than a few days are my family...  I'm worried I'll get really really annoyed with everyone, or of course vise versa, and then band wont be fun because I wont want to spend time with anyone. Ah well. I think me not being in the cabin I was supposed to be in is really a blessing in disguise. I wont have the opportunity to get sick of those people.   Hmm, what to do now, what to do? I could read, or watch television, or.....hmm...well, those are pretty much my options. So, I suppose I'll go do one of those things.Wow. I just went for a run, and now I feel really good for making myself do it. I LOATHE running. Like, I absolutely can't stand doing it, but it feels good after. Well, for me it does. I think I'm getting better at it too. Who knows? I guess I'm just trying to prepare myself for band camp. I KNOW we're gonna have to run a lot. I'd bet on it.OK, he's not mad at me. YaY!My day has been, for the most part, pretty uneventful. I went for a walk. I ate. I slept. I read. And, yeah, that's pretty much it. Marching last night wasn't too bad. Not great, but not terrible. I think band camp is going to be a killer though. I just have this feeling that by the end of it...I'll NEVER want to have anything to do with band ever again.   I think I have a knack for IM'ing people just as they go away. Really, I always seem to IM people 2 or 3 minutes after they become idle. Ah well, such is life. Hmmmm, I'm thinking Alex is mad at me for some unknown reason...but I can't think of what...Weeelllll, I'll be off to marching again in a few minutes. Whoo hoo...?  I'm sure it will be fun. I didn't go to dinner as planned, because my mom got stuck in a traffic jam and didn't get home until just a few minutes ago, and it's raining, so....I wasn't sure I wanted to walk from potbelly's to school, and I didn't want to burden anyone by asking for a ride.   Anyway, I think I'll go pass the time by playing yoshi story. Heh.So, I've figured something out. If my calculations don't deceive me, by the time I'm in my mid-twenties, I'll be roughly the size of a small killer whale. I eat so so much. It's terrible. Really. I guess, my theory on life is that I might as well enjoy it while I'm here. I suppose though, when I become so big that I'll have to pay for two airline tickets because the seats aren't large enough, I wont be enjoying life. "Excuse me miss, but your fat ass wont fit in one seat. We'll need you to buy two tickets."  And of course, I'll never be able to go to a farm. OK, so I like cities better, but still. I like farms sometimes. I'll get mixed in with the cows. Someone will try to milk me, and that'll be it. I'll sit on them. And then I'll be charged with murder and high tail it out of there. "Dangerous woman on the loose armed with her own fat. Please be extremely cautious." Of course, there is one good thing about all of this. I'll be able to be in the Guiness Book of World Records, which would be quite cool. I bet I'll be the only albino 2000 pound woman ever.    Oh the possibilities.So, I'm awake now. Wow. Odd feeling when you just wake up. I''ve got a little time before I go to Kathryn's. We're working on Joanne's thing. I suppose I could write about it in here considering Joanne is away doing workcrew for camp, but still, I'm not taking ANY chances. None at all. I'll probably write more about working on the project and stuff after her party. Sigh. I'm going to miss her.  Anyway, heh, in other news. It's National Clown Week. Yay? I don't know. I've never been particularily fond of clowns. I mean, I'm not one of those people truly frightened by them, but I find them to be almost a nuisance. I don't think I've ever really seen a clown though in person, and Bozo wasn't ever my favorite tv show. I suppose I'm ambivalent, but really, do we need a whole week to honor those who frighten children and throw pies at each other? Ah well, such is life.  Completely changing the subject. We had "pre marching band camp" last night. It was...errr, interesting. All we did was play music. I'm not sure if I like the show or not this year. I suppose we'll see. And of course all of this reminds me that I need to see American Wedding. If you get the connections in my head here....I'm proud.   I suppose I'd best be off. Mary Clare's giving me a ride, and I like to be waiting when people give me rides. Considering they are kind enough to go out of their way to pick me up, I figure I should at least be prepared.    Au Revoir.   Man, what do I need to take French for this year? I've got this down.That is one of the saddest movies I've ever seen. Gosh, why'd they have to end it like that?? I'm really going to try though. Really going to...Haha, this song is in my head and it wont leave!  Why do you build me up (Build me up) Buttercup baby Just to let me down  (Let me down) And mess me around  And then worst of all (Worst of all) You never call baby When you say you will (Say you will) But I love you still  I need you (I need you)  More than anyone darling You know that I have from the start  So build me up (Build me up) Buttercup, don't break my heart   And so on and so forth....haha. Wow.   I'm watching Pay it Forward right now. It's kind of depressing and at the same time...it's really encouraging. Like, it makes me want to be a really good person, and do good things for people. Ah well, commercial's over.I feel really confused right now, but I'm not sure about what. It's really strange. I feel like....oh, I don't know how to explain it. I feel like I should know something, or...something bad is going to happen. It's a really unsettling feeling.Man, SO, I THINK, THINK being the operative word, that I'm done. Done, done, done packing! I think this week is going to be Hell, so I can't decide if I'm excited or not. It will be a new experience, but I don't think it will be fun at ALL. Plus, I'm not a big fan of going away from home, so that will stink too. *Sigh* Oh well. I guess I'll just go to sleep and wake up and go do basics. :( YaY.   Be back in a week.OK so. I also have to basically clear everything out of my room too because my brother is painting it while I'm at band camp! AND I have to get Joanne's gift. AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH. Seriously, I'm going mad. Mad mad.OK, so....I'm realllly starting to freak out, and instead of writing in here I should probably be figuring out what I'm going to do to stop freaking out. OK, I need to pack, and I need to go to the store to get a bunch of stuff, and I need to do laundry, big time. AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH. I'm going to go mad. Seriously. It's crazy.   On a brighter note though, today was a lot of fun. Kathryn, Mary Clare, and I went to registration. I got my schedule. I have maybe one class with someone I know. Heh. YaY? But, yeah. After that we went to Olive Garden for lunch. Quite nice, and then we went to this pottery place where you get to paint your own piece. Pretty nifty. Overall, pretty fu day. I got to see Carson which was cool, and I have Satire and Comedy with her. :) YaY!   OK, I really wish I could elaborate more on things, but I need to go figure out what I'm going to do.YaY, I'm done getting my stuff ready for registration. It's just all...BLAH. I'm excited to get my schedule. Marching was actually pretty fun tonight. We got some drill, and went to the first set and then...I think they gave up. Haha. I understood how they wrote it perfectly, but they said they were going to re-write it. I hung out with Emily some which was awesome. She's really funny. I'm excited to get to spend more time with her during band camp.   Hmmm, what else? Oh, they say we need to be packed and bring our luggage by Friday afternoon. Seriously, I was just like...WHAT?!?! I, with my procrastinator mentality was going to pack Saturday morning. Guess not anymore...  So, ok...I'm NOT ready for registration. I just realized I need a picture form, at least to give them for my ID. Great. I threw that form out because I didn't get the registration packet until after that and I didn't KNOW I'd need it. Grrrr. Oh well. I wish I didn't need an I.D. I wish I could just stay out of all pictures. :) What a wonderful world it truly would be. Gosh, I keep hearing this song, "Paved Paradise and put up a parking lot," and now it's in my head. Ahhhhh. Gooooo awayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy.   Don't it always seem to go That you don't know what you got 'til it's gone? They paved paradise And put up a parkin' lot...  Argh.  Ah well. Hmmm. I was thinking after a friend of mine mentioned this, it would be so much easier if everything was like math. Just one answer. Not as much fun, but it certainly would be nice if some things were like math with only one answer. Less confusing.   Hmmm, I think I need to get me one of those mouthpieces like Peter has so I can play really high too. Bobby? Is that what they called it? I'm not sure. Ah well, maybe I'll ask Peter. Ahhh, that reminds me. I get to see Chris soon too!!! I'm excited. I've missed having him to just call whenever and complain. He's good at listening to me complain. :)   I have no idea what to bring to band camp...seriously. I don't know whether to bring shorts or pants, long sleeves or short sleeves, which tennis shoes?? So many decisions.   Hmmm, on the way home with Diane and Elizabeth we were talking about Great America. I haven't been there yet this summer. So, I'm hoping maybe I can get a chance to go with Diane, and hopefully some other people too. That would be excellent. I think I need to go to sleep considering I have to wake up at a reasonable hour tomorrow. Noooo, make it end. No school. This hasn't been my best summer yet, but it's definitely been the fastest. Seriously, I thought in the middle of summer that I had a lot of time left and now...wow. And band camp is taking away my last moments of freedom pretty much.   OK, really, I'm going to sleep. I left my book in Diane's car. :( That makes me sad. Oh well. Good night, good night...YaY! Off to marching...yet again. Diane's giving me a ride! :) I love getting rides from Diane. Haha, I have to wear this under armour thing. I feel so ridiculous in it. It's so tight. Or...form fitting. Haha, it looks weird. Ah well. Such is life, right?If you leave Where will you go, before the regret you hold in your heart will start to show? If you leave How will you know, if our ever after ever had a chance to grow? Do you dream or do you sleep? Do you pick and choose amongst the jewels for one to keep? Do you wish upon a star, or does everything just out of reach just seem just too far away? Nothing seems to change Let alone you wont forget my name Just dont lose what you know Just don't lose what you know When you're so far away So deep you say But, no matter where you go it all ends up the same Do you wish upon a star or does everything just out of reach seem just too far away? Nothing seems to change Let alone you wont forget my name Just don't lose what you know Just don't lose what you know When you're so far away What you lose is what you know Where you go is where you grow How near we've come is yet to show We've come so close yet so far away So far away...Welll, ok, interesting night. Haha. I went downtown Naperville with Mary Clare and Kathryn. Quite fun, quite fun. I didn't run into any poles this time. YES!!! I'm improving. Hmmm, we were going to go to this place where you pick out a piece of pottery and you get to paint it and stuff, but that was closed. :( So sad, so sad. So, we just decided to walk around and whatnot. We went to Book Zellers. Haha, I got a scantly clad novel. Haha. It was great. The guy thought we were so weird looking over the romance novels. So, when I went there to buy it, I couldn't look into his eyes. I felt so ridiculous. Heh.   Oh, then we went to Walgreens and I saw Peter!! I didn't know he worked there! I was so excited. He's such a cool kid. :) So, basically we just hung out and talked and whatnot.   I saw this article earlier about this guy with bladder cancer. He had his bladder removed, but the doctor thought he had penile cancer as well, so during the surgery he removed his genitalia along with his bladder, but the man being opperated on didn't know this. Turns out, they tested the cells after the surgery, and the man didn't have penile cancer. Haha, OUCH. That has GOT to stink. Supposedly he's suing for a very large sum. I must say, even with Su-Crazy America, this one makes sense to me. I'd su the pants off those doctors as well. Not literally of course. Heh, I guess it wouldn't matter because that doctor still HAS his genitalia.   And, now I'm done talking about male genitalia...  I think I may go read my novel now. Heh. I'm talking with some people. Band camp should really be interesting. So many people. There's bound to be some fights and whatnot. I think I'm just going to avoid people for the most part next week. Stay out of people's way. Not give them a chance to get annoyed by me and vise versa. Hmmm, I still need to make a list of all the things I need to bring. Maybe I should do that now? Probably, but will I? No.   Hmmm, I could go for some music right now though...La la la...Sometimes I truly cannot fathom my own stupidity. Stupid stupid stupid Catie. I'm starting to talk to myself a lot more lately. This is not good...  Is it bad to talk to yourself?  Hmmmm, i'm pretty sure they take people away for stuff like that.  Anyway, I'm just sort of listening to music right now. Tra la la...it's fun. I think I'll go sleeep.So, the cop cars are gone thankfully!!! :) And, marching was alright, I got a ride from Bryan, but Bryan left, sooo, I had to ask Mrs. Navrotski. She's so nice. :) It was totally out of the way, but they drove me home anyway. Actually...Alex drove. haha, he's a good driver. We just played music again today. Supposedly Wednesday we're actually going to work on some drill. I highly doubt that'll happen, but if it did, that would be pretty nifty. Anyway, I'm going to go sleep now I think...  My brother's friends are here again though. Oh joy. :\OK, so this is realllly strange. There are two cop cars in front of my house, but they aren't here for us. They went into the house across the street. It's really strange. Plus, they left their cars running but there's no one in them. Gosh, this is uncool. People are going to think the cops are here for someone in my house. I wonder what they're doing though.Bryan is now my hero. Thank goodness. I was freaking out. I needed a ride to marching, and I wanted to ask Diane since she was close, but her number is busy and whatnot. YaY!!! I have a ride. YAY!!!!!! YaY Bryan...I'd make up a song for you if anything sensible rhymed with bryan. Cryin', no that doesn't work. Lion? Naw. Pryin', definitely doesn't work.Diein'? Errr, no....ok, this is where I stop now...heh heh.What am I thinking? I'm so spacey right now. I tried to come to blogger.com, but I went to two different websites first. Weird.   Annnyyywayyy, today was a fun day!! I went shopping, and I bought quite a few new tops, and a new pair of jeans. They're so comfy. I love you gap jeans. I'm not a fan of gap usually, but I LOVE their jeans. I could just marry them. Err...right, ok, moving on.  I'm in such a silly goofy mood right now. I don't know why, but I am! It's great though. Tonight, when I was peeling potatos for dinner, I had a potato family, and I made them talk with each other and stuff. Seriously, it was amazing. So much fun. I made a seemingly boring blah job fun. How old am I turning in October again? I know it can't possibly be 17. 16 year olds don't make potato families. It was so fun though. Why am I scolding myself then defending myself? Catie, you're so weird.   Hm hm hm, what else? Really, not a whole lot has been going on. Oh, I went to see Freaky Friday with Kathryn. Lots of fun. I wasn't expecting much out of a 40th remake, but...it was good....surprisingly good. It was fun just me and Kathryn hanging out and stuff. We haven't done a lot of, "just us," stuff, so it was nice to be able to talk and stuff.   I wish I had the channel, "the N." I could be watching Degrassi right now. I sort of got hooked to that show last summer when I was at my grandma's, and now I can't see it anymore. Stinky cow dung.  So, according to Lauren, I now have a fellow, "bus slut buddy." *Sigh*  I'll get her someday, I really will. I'LL GET YOU TJ!!! Well, that was nice to get out. I suppose now I'm off to the land of lolli pops and...  Something just ocurred to me. I am EXTREMELY weird.  Diane got me hooked on this game, "Snood." Now it's hard to stop playing. Ahhh. Well, I suppose Diane didn't really get me hooked, I got myself hooked. Buutt, (hehe, butt) I only played it because she said it was fun. Haha. the blame game. Gotta love it.   Along with being weird, I'm quite random.  OK, A. Why is this song playing? And B. Small children listen to this stuff. Such...dirty lyrics.  I don't even remember dl'ing this song. I don't listen to this kind of music, but here we have it...  "Don't be so quick to walk away. Dance with me. I wanna rock your body..."   Etc., etc., etc.   Don't these people realize there are small impressionable young minds at stake? Mine being one of them. OK, so I've already been corrupted, but there are so many potentially polite young people out there. La la la, I really have nothing else to say, but I sort of feel like typing in here.  Wow, band camp is soon. I should probably make a list of stuff I need. Registration is soon too. Eeek. I'm scared. I don't want my picture taken. I think I'll just wear a paper bag over my head. Really. I am NOT a photogenic person at all.   I need to stop typing now I think. I really doooo.......Oh, I dooo, cherrish youuu....why did that song come to my mind?? What is this, boy band night?? Really, what's wrong with me? OK, OK, seriouslu.....I'll go now.....  After I write the first line of my up and coming novel. I'll write a novel someday...really....  Ok, here goes....  It was the best of times, it was the worst of times.  Is that not the best line ever? It sounds somewhat familiar, but maybe I'm just so overcome with my own satisfaction at my brilliance...  Fine, fine, fine. So Charles Dickens wrote it. Come on. No one's ever really heard of Charles Dickens anyway, and really, who's actually read Tale of Two Cities? Hem, ok...I'll be shutting up..... right .......about..........now.Holy fricking cow. I just found out some reallllllly surprising stuff. Stuff I am having trouble believing. I just pray to God it's not true, because if it is, things will never be the same. EVER. Oh gosh. Now I'm freaking out...Wow, I'm in a much much much much much much etc. better mood tonight. :)So, what a hectic day. I FINALLY GOT TO WATCH HITCH HIKERS WITH JOANNE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1   That tricky one. It's a shifty character. It's always there at the end of those long exclamation mark repetitions... It's evil....EVIL. I shall beat you one. Mwahahahahahahahahahahaha. .  Anywayy....seriously, going to Joanne's was the best. It rocked. Hm, then.....I had marching, and I got reallllly burned. More burned than I did the entire band camp, and we were only out there for three hours. Ah well. The show was good tonight for where we are. I think we'll be really good this year. I hope so at least. But now, I am tired, and...very very hot. Sunburns make me feel like I have a fever, and...hmm....not hungry because I just ate but because I am sleepy, I shall retire to MY nice comfoy cozy bed. Not those silly bunks.  No marching until Wednesday again!!!!!!!!!!! :)Gosh, I've had this song in my head all week, perhaps because we play it....  You kinow our love was meant to be The kind of love that lasts forever And I want you here with me From tonight until the end of time  You should know Everywhere I go You're always on my mind, in my heart, in my soul  Baby You're the meaning in my life You're the inspiration You bring feeling to my life You're the inspiration  I wanna have you near me I wanna have you hear me say it No one needs you more than I need you  And I know Yes I know that it's plain to see We're so in love when we're together  Now I know That I need you here with me From tonight until the end of time  You should know Everywhere I go You're always on my mind In my heart In my soul  You're the meaning in my life You're the inspiration you bring feeling to my life You're the inspiration  I wanna have you near me I wanna have you hear me say it No one needs you more than I need you........   I feel so helplessly alone right now. I feel like I can't trust certain people anymore and it bites.   I know this is a little late but don't read this if you don't want to hear me complain.   I think I'd rather complain in here and not to my friends. At least I wont feel stupid for writing in here tomorrow. I feel stupid sometimes after talking with friends. Like...I said the wrong thing or I shouldn't have told them that...Well, Joanne's party is over. It seems kind of odd after all that planning and everything. It's like Christmas. You wake up and you're absolutely ecstatic to open preasents but then after you do and you play around with everything, it's like, "oh...it's over." And this also means Joanne's leaving in 5 days. I'm just in SUCH  sad mood right now. I was like this last night too. I think it's just lack of sleep. I certainly hope so, because I loathe wallowing in self pity. Seriously, I feel so selfish but at the same time I feel like crying. I'm so overwhelmed with everything right now and I'm so confused. So very very confused. I just want to go to sleep and not wake up. Not have to deal with school, and saying good bye to Joanne. Gosh, this ALL SUCKS SO MUCH!!!!!!   I've got this feeling that people don't genuinely like me. Really, I honestly thought people liked me as a person, and that's why they feel they can tease me and joke with me, because i'm a pretty layed back person, but i have this feeling that very few band people actually like me. Like...I feel like really no one likes me. I'm just kind of there.   I don't know. I just need to go do something...sleep maybe...So, yeah, now I have a little time to type. I don't know, I guess...all in all band camp wasn't completely wretched, but it certainly wasn't the best or easiest experience of my life. We worked so much and it was so hot. We didn't run or do basics nearly as much as I expected, and basics on the last day was actually quite funny. We did performance basics and the whole trumpet section had to act like puppy dogs. Haha, quite funny. Sectionals were really good actually. Peter's a good music section leader. I don't know what's up with him in general. I honestly don't know whether he hates me or is friends with me. He's so stolid. Ah well. Haha, that reminds me of the, "norkus" thing. It will probably get incredibly annoying soon, but right now it's pretty funny, and I guess it makes me feel sort of special. When they count, instead of going, 'One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight," they go, "One, two, three, four, five, six, 7, NORKUS!" It was pretty funny. Peter and Nathan came up with it, and they started doing it, then the whole trumpet section started doing it, and then like...half the people in band started it. Haha. Oh, and 92 is also a, "Norkus." Heh. Wow. There were some people thought that I really could have done without this week, and I'm sure people feel that way about me too. I don't know. I tried, to be nice, but sometimes I was just like, "please...let me be alone for five seconds." And the stalker didn't help things much. Bryan helped out by coming over every time and saying, "Catie, my lover." Haha. Last night we had the last supper with Bryan because on the first day of band camp he started bleeding and Steve goes, "It's the blood of Reist." I don't know, I thought it was kind of funny, but I can see how it would offend some people. The first day of band camp was the worst. Yeah, it was only team building and stuff but it was SO long, and in the morning, I got sick. That was the worst. I hardly EVER get sick to my stomache, so it stunk.   Then there were a bunch of people who actually got sick at camp, like Cory who got stung by the bee and passed out and an ambulance came and everything. I was pretty worried, but I didn't cry like a lot of people. Really, a ton of people were crying and stuff. I felt really bad for them. Then last night, I was just in the saddest mood. I don't know what it was, but I was just in a very bad mood. Well, later in the night. So, tomorrow we have the parent presentation. Argh. Another three hour rehearsal. GRRRR. And then rehearsal on Wednesday and Thursday next week after school. Rehearsal after the first day of school!! Poo. I don't want to go to school in the first place so...that sucks too. Dag nabbit. Stupid school. I wish summer wasn't ending. I was looking forward to going back and seeing everyone, but I don't know anymore. Band camp shouldn't have anoyed me as much as it did at all. I wasn't even in a cabin with anyone I know well.   Well, I have stuff to do before Joanne's, so...I shall write more later possibly.  She's leaving in 5 days. :( This makes me really really sad.   Hmmm, something I just realized...it has been raining and storming ALL summer. Like, at least once a week but when we go to band camp, what happens??? No clouds. No rain. Only clear blue sky with sun beating down on the open football field so it's 95 degrees!!!!!  One more thing that's frustrating. Bugs. Argh. I have learned to appreciate how few bugs there are in Naperville. It's the little things in life...Wow....  Just...wow.  I'm SO SO SO SO SO SO SO SO SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOhappy to be home!!!!!! OK, I'm going to make a list of all the reasons I'm ecstatic to be home!!  1. Best of all...MY WATER DOESN'T LOOK LIKE PEE!!! 2. Not nearly as many styupi mosquitos. 3. My food 3. I get to see Joanne tonight!! 4. TV!! 5. My own bed 6. Pop  And so much more...   I've got a lot lot lot lot lot more to say about band camp and vent my frustrations but I will have to do that a bit later today. I ned to go eat normal food now while lying in my comfy bed. Yes....that sounds fun.  Oh, while watching TV!Well, I just got home. I went to the Last Fling. I could have gone with Jim and them, but they were going to the concert, and I didn't really want to go to the concert. The Fling was ok. It was crazy, because there were like...ten of us. Kathryn, Nikki, MC, and like...6 other people from Benet. It was cool. It's nice to hang out wth new people once in a while.   I'm thinking of going to sleep soon. I'm pretty tired, but...eh. I think I might just because there are 12 people, 6 dogs, and a cat in my house right now. It's crazy, and I don't really feel like socializing with adults right now, so...yeah. Maybe I'll go read. That could be nice. It's amazing how much less I read when I'm in school. I guess I just don't have time. Maybe when marching season is over I will.   Haha, everyone's already talking about homecoming and it's not until October. Gosh. So, for the next two months the little self-esteem I've gained since the last dance I didn't go to, I'll slowly lose. I don't think I really want to go alone this year, so...eh. I'llprobably end up just staying home. We shall see, we shall see.   Maybe I'll go socialize and get food. I mean, I figure I get something out of it, and they'll think I'm nice if I go down there, right?   It's either that or I sit here writing pointless things. Writing pointless things can be fun though.............  Fine, I'll go downstairs.   Wow, I just had a conversation with myself basically in my own journal. How strange am I?Hmnmmm, what shall I do? I should probably clean my room and do something productive, but I'm not sure I can bring myself to. Argh, I'm annoyed right now. I think it's a park day. I think I need to escape from my house and get away from everyone, at least for an hour or so.Ah, such a nice relaxing day so far. I salept in and read. It was beyond great. :)I'm not sure what I'll be doing tonight, maybe nothing. Who knows? My parents are having a bunch of people over though, soo...if I do stay home I'll be up in my room.  It was weird last night. At the football game last night this guy named Adam recognized me, and I'm just like, "gosh, I know I recognize you, but who are you??" He's over at my house ALL the time. He's Dan's brother. Gosh. I can't believe I didn't know. I guess it makes sense since I usually ust stay out of their way, but still. Oh well...  I think I'm going to go watch this ABC family movie, "See Jane Date." Then I'll probably go wallow in selft pity at the fact that I don't have a boyfriend. Wow, I know myself pretty well.I've had a pretty busy last few days. Marching and homework have been taking up all my time. I actually kinda freaked out yesterday. I don't know, I felt really stressed out all of a sudden, and I just kept thinking, "I have a whole year of this crap." It was odd because I NEVER stress out. I think I am the farthest you can be on the spectrum of a type B personality. I'm pretty laid back, so I didn't get it. Just, all of a sudden everything seemed so overwhelming, and this is an easy week. Eeek.   My History book weighs like...300 pounds....argh. It makes me mad. I want to throw it at someone...if I could lift it.   Anyyyywayyyy, my classes are tolerable so far so, eh.   And, argh. I think I like him. :( I'm trying not to sooo so very hard. Ah well. I give up....no, not really...but, I'm going to try giving up...  I'm through with this blog entry. Finished.First day of school...  Wow, it didn't feel like the first day AT ALL. Except for all that, "getting to know people," crap that annoys me so very much...  It seems almost like we had a two week vacation, like sophomore year ended two weeks ago. Summer went by SO fast. Today was alright. I don't really love any of my classes yet, but...eh. I have gym with people I know, which is nice. :) I'm trying not to think of Joanne at all. I'm making my mind completely avoid the topic.   I almost wanted to have homework tonight just to keep my mind off of everything that's going on right now.   Hmmmm....shall I wear shorts tomorrow? I don't know......I just don't want to have to do much thinking when I wake up, so...I'll do that now. You're a smart cookie Catie...heh heh, alliteration. Oh gosh, Carson and I counted the number of, "and that's." It was crazy...  And...since I'm being completely random, I think it's time for me to sleep....  Good night, good night...I still don't know what's going on yet. I need to talk to her, but I haven't gotten the chance. I was supposed to find ouyt yesterday, but I didn't. I'm so nervous/worried. Eeek, not cool at all. Oh well, I'm getting my hair cut which will be nice. Nice and relaxing.Well, the zoo was a fun time. Hot, but fun. We saw a buffalo sticking it's butt into this mist thing. Haha, it was quite amusing.  It was fun, but all I could keep thinking was, "This is the last time all of us girls will be together for ten months." I'm going to miss Joanne so so much. I want her to go, because I think it will be the experience of a lifetime, and great for her, but I'm just going to miss her. I trust her so much, and that's really rare for me so there goes a person that I felt I could always talk to. We're all going to her house tomorrow morning before school, and she's going to make us pancakes! Yum! But, I just have this feeling tomorrow is going to suck like no other. All day, I'll just be thinkin, "Well, I guess Joanne will be leaving for the airport soon, I guess she's leaving now, I guess she's on the plane now." I jus wish I could postpone it a tiny bit longer. Just maybe..another day.   I can't decide if I'm angry or sad right now. I feel both. I think I'm more sad than angry, but I do still feel angry.   I think I just want to go sleep or do something to keep my mind off of it. I'm so scared I'll just start crying at school tomorrow. I don't cry often, especially in front of people so I really hope I don't. I'll be so embarassed.   And somehow this all just brings me back to Kari. I know Joanne didn't die, but still. I feel like I'm losing her. I know she's only going away for this year, but I feel like I've lost her forever. Like, I'll never see her again...and now I miss Kari. Man....why am I letting myself think about this??? I'm through.Wow, what a day. So long, but good. Definitely good. I went out with Chris to lunch, and we just hung out and whatnot, and then before going to Nikki's, I went to Joanne's and hung out with her, Mary Clare, and Kelly. That was cool. Haha, we were drawing faces on the balloons. It was funny. Hmmm, then I went to Nikki's, ate lots of pizza, and finally watched Lizzie McGuire!!!!! YaY! Haha. Then, I went out with Chris again, and that was it, but.....I was gone from my house nonstop today.   I'm still worried about this whole thing that I can't talk about in here...yet. I'm finding out tomorrow, but I'm SO SO scared, and it's not even happening to me.   I think I just need to go sleep.Well, I believe I'm going out to lunch and stuff with Chris, then over to Nikki's to watch Lizzie McGuire finally!!!!!! YaY!!! I'm so excited to finally get to see it. I wanted to spend more time with Joanne today, but I think she's going out with John tonight, so we'll see about tomorrow I guess. :( Ah well, I suppose I should go.Alex is a good friend. Seriously. He is a great friend. I trust him implicitly. He's so good to talk to, just to vent, and Lauren too. It makes me realize that there ARE good people in this world. There are a few people I can just totally trust. I love being able to go to someone. I'm finally starting to let myself trust people again. I just know this year isn't going to be easy at all.Argh. Things just suck so unbelievable much right now. I really just want to kick something. I knew this year was going to be bad when it started. DAMNIT! I want to crawl into a deep hole and just not come out. I don't want to go to that marching thing tomorrow AT ALL. I'll probably get all upset there too, except it will be in front of people there.   AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH.  I'm just so MAD right now.I am so happy yesterday is over. Really. But then later today I've got marching. Goody.Tonight was alright. Nikki, Kelly, Kathryn, and I went downtown Naperville. We went to Noodles, and played the penis game in the bathroom, and ummm, I sort of yelled it loudly and this lady opens the bathroom door and gives us the WEIRDEST look ever. Seriously. It was SO funny. I couldn't stop laughing. I STILL can't stop laughing. Oh well. Then we went to Starbucks and ran into Chris and his friend Sundeev. It was funny. We stalked them to their car then went to TCBY. I saw Diane finally at work!!! I'd never been to TCBY. It was nice. Then we went around looking for Chris' house for half an hour and ran into them and stalked them.   I don't know. I have mixed feelings about tonight. I guess it was fun, but in ways it wasn't. I don't know. My mind is playing tricks on me. I swear.  Why am I in such a rotton mood? Tonight was fun. It really was but I am in just an absolutely foul mood. Argh. I think I'll just go sleep.I haven't been able to write much lately. A. Because I feel like crap and B. Because I've got so much to do. School, marching, homework, sleep. That's it. That's all my days consist of anymore. It makes me sad. This year is not going well at all so far. At least there's no marching after school tomorrow. Seriously, I'm looking forward to it so so much. I'm looking forward to just getting to go home with my friends and chill at home for a night. If I go out, all I would really want to do would be to hang out at a friend's house. Maybe I'll invite people over here. I don't know yet. We'll see. And right now, I am just so incredibly exhausted and feeling blah that I'm going to bed.   I'll probably write more tomorrow when I have  free time. I'm really aggravated with a lot of people right now. OK, just sort of one but it's ok. Maybe I wont complain tomorrow. Maybe I'll learn how to supress my annoyance. Sleepy time now. Good night.Bad mood. Very very very incredibly bad mood. Seriously, I'm making myself take deep breaths right now.Today was ok for the most part. I'm doing skating for gym. YES! :) It sounds easy. YaY. Ummm, um um um.....that was about it to be honest. Like, not much happened during my day at all. I got a 100 on my permit test thing that I didn't study for, but I have some REALLY stupid people in my class I guess. At least no one failed. "I got 9 wrong, is that failing?" No, but note to self...don't drive with her...  Lunch was pretty nice. I guess Jill was talking about stuff that upset people. Diane seemed pretty annoyed. Hmmm, I actually kind of want to go outside and play basketball, so I'm going to see if my mom can maybe move her car for a bit. I need to vent out some anger. Marching was alright except I didn't feel great and I kept getting messed up, and for some reason when Hian corrected me it really bothered me. I mean, it wasn't Hian, but I got REALLY mad at myself. I don't usually worry about that stuff. I just fix it, but I just got so upset with myself for being such an idiot.   Haha, Colt 45 just came on my playlist. That's such a funny song. It reminds me of Caseville. Good times, good times. :) So, I think I'll go play basketball now. Woo....  Oh, actually, I have to write Joanne back first...lalala...Today was an ok day, but I'm really really tired now. Wowwy. I just want to go sleep now and not wake up until tomorrow monring. I actually think I might go sleep at 7:30 after doing my history homework.   Anyway, the parade was long and boring and wet. So, eh. At least it wasn't hot though. We somehow could not manage to stay in a straight line though. It was actually somewhat amusing, but I'm pretty sure I'm the only one who found it to be amusing. Ah well. Then I went shopping and actually bought some of my furniture!! I bought my bookcase headboard and my dresser! I think I'm buying my computer desk tomorrow and then my entertainment center thing later. :) YaY! We also picked out the paint for the most part. I definitely am sponge painting my walls AND I get to help!!! Wellll, my dad and brother say I can help now, but I bet once I start to, they'll tell me I'm doing everything wrong and then tell me to go away. Oh well, I either get to have fun painting or be lazy. Either way, it will be a fun day.   I also bought a new sweater, and a new pair of pants. Haha, I'm terrible....I can't go to the store without buying SOMETHING. My mom got a pair of shoes which I'm goiing to steal too. So....yay! Good day. I guess I'll go do my history homework now, then go sleep...or something. School tomorrow. Goody.Wow, I just realized what poor grammar I have. I need to take a grammar class I think. That and punctuation. Damn commas. When DO you use those little things?Hmmm. It's funny. I get urges to clean so very rarely, but when I do, it's ALWAYS at odd times. Heh, like now for instance. I've been cleaning my room like mad so I'm taking a break. I think my room will actually be finished by the end of September. I'm realllly hoping. I'm going to sponge paint my walls! YaY!!! I really wanted to, and my mom said yes! I'm very excited. I got rid of my nightstand, and I have this really really cool standing lamp. I love it. It's colorful. And then, I'll get my bookcase headboard soon after I get my new computer desk and such. It will be cool.   I should probably go sleep although I'd like to finish cleaning my room. I want to be at school by like, 7:45 tomorrow morning. I don't really want to do the parade much. It's going to be rainy and dreary, and just...blah. I don't think anyone would notice if I just didn't show up. Maybe they would. They'd try to insult me and realize I wasn't there, "Heh, yeah, that idiot girl Nor...heyyy, where IS Norkus?" So, I guess I'll have to go. Ah well, maybe it wont be so bad. Hopefully I'll get to go out with Mary Clare, Kelly, and Kathryn later tomorrow too.  And today....I didn't do much. I went out to lunch with Chris and Jim. That was fun. I was really quiet though. I don't know. I was off in my own world then for some reason. My other world rocks. Heh. Wow, I'm weird.   I don't really want to go back to school on Tuesday. I have a feeling I'm going to get that stressed out feeling again for some reason. I have no idea, but I just feel like this year will be all stress and no fun. I don't think I'll end up going to any dances...again. Homecoming Freshman year wasn't so bad, but...eh. I don't know. I just don't want to go back to the homework either. I still have U.S. History homework that I have to do this weekend. It's only been three days. Ahhh.   I've been thinking, I've changed a lot since High School started. I'm not sure how, but I feel like I've changed. I feel like I'm not crazy old me anymore. I'm less gregarious. I'm turning into a secluse. I never would have thought that of myself two years ago. Catie? Alone? No way!   Good song playing...  Today is gonna be the day that they're gonna throw it back to you By now, you should have somehow realized what you gotta do I don't believe that anybody feels the way I do about you now...  Anyway, I suppose I'll go back to cleaning, then sleep, then the parade, etc., etc., etc...You know what? I'm really not that upset. I guess it's good I found this out now. I mean, yeah I'm a little bummed because it would have been nice to go with someone, but...hey, maybe there are other options. I am going to remain optimistic about this. Maybe not in two weeks, but for now...I'm going to hope for the best.Wow, I feel so incredibly alone right now it's not even funny. I think I figured out that I never really did like him all that much though, because it didn't hurt me so much that he asked someone, but that there went another person that would have been fun to go with. I don't know. I feel like I'm just destined to be alone for the rest of my life. I guess I'll have to live with it. I can't let these things get me down. I have to try to be optimistic.Wow, I haven't written all week. This week has gone by so fast though. It's ansane. I just haven't felt much like writing either. Maybe that means I've been in a good mood? Anyway, tonight was fun. I went out with Kathryn, Chris and Nikki. It was cool.  And, the BEST thing of all....ok, my mom was all like, "No, you can't go out until you finish cleaning out your room." I was supposed to do this like a week ago haha, but anyway, my mom's NEVER like that. She's really laid back and she never keeps me from going out to do chores and stuff, and so I figured I'd be inside all night, and then my mom's friend called and was like, "yeah, your mom called and left me a message that she needed a ride somewhere so, can you call her cell phone and figure out what's going on and call me back." So, I called her and she was like, "I'm at the doctor." And, I just seriously completely freaked out, because usually when parents don't tell you these things, it means something bad. I just kept thinking. "Oh my gosh, my mom's seriously sick, what am I going to do?" And so I ask my dad and he's like, no, she's fine seriously and all this stuff. They are SUCH  good liars. So, my mom comes home and I go down, and they're both acting ALL serious, and then they give me the keys and ahhh!!!!!! It was seriously the best surprise ever, and even better, I don't have to pay for my insurance because the insurance my mom found is SO cheap. YaY!  Anyway, I guess I'm going to go sleep now.I'm not sure how tomorrow's going to go yet. It's going to be a really tough day for me I think. I'm going to try not to think about it, but I know I will. I don't want to talk about it with anyone in my house because I don't want to bring depressing feelings out even though I know everyone's thinking about it. I'm just scared I'll get upset at school. I mean, it's one thing to cry when no one can see you, but when people are all around you. Oh well, I'll just try to keep it all bottled up. Haha, that's what I always do. I honestly think that's the best thing to do sometimes, well, for me at least. Oh well, whatever happens will happen whether I want it to or not.  On a happier note though, I went car shopping tonight. I think I'm getting a VW beatle. It kind of depends on stuff, but I'm almost positive that's the car I'm getting. Pretty neat. It will be nice to be able to drive and not always ask everyone for rides.   I'm not feeling so great right now...So, yeah....I'm definitely going to defenestrate my computer soon. ARGH. It's annoying me. Heh.Well, today was a mighty fine day as I had planned. Not like...the best day ever, but still good. I tried to be nice to everyone. Eh....my sarcasm got in the way a bit. Haha. I'll try again tomorrow though.  Ummm, I did something kind of stupid though. I just went into Mr. Silder's office to talk to him about IMEA, and I ended up signing up. This isn't cool at all because I get nervous for school auditions. Just think...argh. Why are there so many good trumpet players? I had to go to my locker really quickly during study hall for drivers ed. and I hear Peter playing and I'm just like, "Stop being good!!" So, yeah, anyway now I can flip out at IMEA. Oh yay.   I'm pretty sure I failed the Satire and Comedy test. I wrote the shortest essays. I'm just like, "people are bad because they're obsessive and nerotic." I didn't really say nerotic, but I thought it. Oh well. Such is life. I think I'm going to go do some...I don't know...homework? Nah. Too non-procrastinator'ish. Ya like that made up word? Yeah....that's always fun, making up words...especially on satire and comedy tests...OK, I've decided that tomorrow is going to be a good day no matter what. I'm going to make it a good day. I'm going to smile, be happy, and be really nice to everyone. I wont even be my usual sarcastic self. I'm really serious about this too. I'm goin to be completely optimistic and whatnot. Whoo, I'm pumped. Haha.Why do I even get online? It's really NOT smart of me. Somehow online, something always makes me angry. Usuaulyl the same thing actually, and it ALWAYS brings me back to the same question.Argh. There's so much he doesn't know. SO much, but he's so happy. I don't want to ruin his happiness by telling him. Stupid moral dilemmas. I was in such a good mood today too, but now....I'm back to my moral dilemma. Terrific. I mean, I guess it was in the past but still. I'm just going to stop rambling to myself now. Bye.Hmmm, I'm finishing up a bunch of stuff. I didn't have as productive of a day as I would have liked but still productive so it's all good. I have this feeling tomorrow will be good. I'm not sure why, but I just think it will. I hope my feeling is right. Probably not haha, but it's good to think it is. At least there's no marching tomorrow. :)OK, so this is not cool at all but it's cracking me up. I don't know, I think I'm going crazy but I'm just laughing hysterically. I pulled a muscle in my upper back too. So, not only do I have a twisted ankle, but I pulled a muscle in my back too. Haha. Seriously, why am I laughing about this? I can't turn my head without having a sharp pain in my back and I can't walk correctly. Hahaha. Wow....I'm in such a good mood still. Whooo.So, yeah...last night at the park I tripped and my ankle went sideways and made a cracking sound. It was ok and everything but today it hurts quite a bit. Grrr. I'm mad at my ankle.I was just looking at some of my entries and I hadn't realized how attached I've become to this thing. I got so mad the other day when I couldn't get online to write. I didn't rreally write in it much when I first got it and when I did they would be short entries, about the size this one's probably going to be, but they would be for the whole day which is really short.   Kind of funny how things work. I never thought myself to be the kind of person who writes in a journal everyday. I never realized how dependant upon this I would become. Just...introspection. I'm done now.Wow, fun fun night! Just, absolutely amazing. At first it was just Chris and me and we went downtown Naperville. Actually, first we went over to Bryan's. We wanted to hang out with him but we couldn't get a hold of him and we both forgot his cell phone number. I NEVER will again. But anyywayyy, we finally managed to track him down, and we met up with him and Steve and Matthew after they came back from the concert. We went to McDonalds and then to Ranchview. It was just a lot of fun. I got a chance to talk to Bryan which was really nice, and I'd never hung out with Steve before so it was cool!   Marching earlier today was ok. I mean, I don't know. I guess it was kind of cool being on the radio, but right now I'm being really optimistic about everything so....catch me when I'm in a bad mood and I'll say it sucked like no other.   But, right now I'm really incredibly tired and I have to do my homework and finish clearing out my room so my brother can paint it tomorrow. Woo woo. I'm in such a fantastic mood right now. I looove it! :)I am absolutely exhausted so, this will probably be incredibly short, but there IS stuff to tell about today. Haha, very good day. Bryan asked me to homecoming and in a really creative way too! He put this giant cookie in a pizza box, and the cookie said, "Catie...homecoming + Bryan? And he gave me whipped cream, but we wont go in to that inside joke. So, we just ate the cookie during band. It was quite tasty.   So, that was a really really nice start to my day. I do have a cold which stnks, and I had to go to marching and the game tonight which also kind of stunk. I guess it was alright, but...eh. I guess I should go sleep for tomorrow. Argh. I don't want to go with a passion...  YaY!!! Haha, I'm just so excited I get to go to homecoming though. It's going to be so much fun. I can't wait.Wow, so many people have blogs now. I guess it's kind of nice. I learn a lot more about people through blogs. Well, people who actually write.   Argh, I know this is rather random but I've got this weird feeling in my nose constantly like I'm going to sneeze. It's driving me insane. Grrr. Poo on a stick.   Today was actually an OK day. Except for getting hit with that hockey stick in gym. Ow. That happens pretty much every day though so....eh.  I'm in a pretty decent mood right now, but I'm not looking forward to the weekend at all. Marching like....ALLLL weekend. Getting there at 8:00 in the morning when we don't perform for another 12 hours is CRAZY. It's just downright mean.   OK, I'm done writing for now. I must go finish my homework and whatnot. Why do I come online? It ALWAYS distracts for a few HOURS. Grrrr.Unexpected good evening! I went to the park with Bryan and just talked and hung out and whatnot. It was nice to get away from my house on a school night.   I think I'm going to go sleep now though, because I'm really tired. Au revoir.So, my day was pretty good. I didn't fall once during skating and I actually did my homework. Well, some of it. I decided not to turn my tape in. Too many people did it. I was just like, why bother?? Really? I tried to at least practice during lunch, but Wind Symphony didn't have to play, and I'm too self-concious about my playing to play whn people can hear me, haha, so I just hung with Brandon and Alex and them. Lot's 'o fun. Tomorrow's going to be a reallllllly long day. School, marching, then marching sectional. I probably wont get home until about 7:30 and then I've got homework and other stuff to do  Blah. I know that's not busy compared to some people's lives like...Diane. Diane has school, marching, AND TCBY. I honestly don't know if I could handle that. Too much to do. I'd go insane, and I'm not a very organized person so, that doesn't help much.   Anyywayy, I think I'm going to go eat dinner now actually, then go for a bit of a drive, then I have to go get a plunger from Home Depot or something so I can make my plunger mute. Lots to do, lots to do.Oh my gosh!! Haha, my cousin got an astro van. That TOTALLY makes my day. Haha, he's gonna bring it up to Caseville next year too so we can all party.  I've always wanted to know someone with an astro van. Seriously, this is going to be my number 1 reason for going next year. Haha, this rocks...Well, this weekend overall has been pretty good. I feel pretty good about everything right now. I'm not sure why, but I'm just in a good mood. I don't really have much to write about. I think I decided not to bother doing that tape. There's just too many senior trumpets trying out. Why should I bother?   I think I'll go sleep now, or something.Wow, tonight was amazing. SO much fun. I hung out with so many people I've never hung out with outside of school before.   The earlier part of my day went quite well too. I got an A on the math quiz I thought I bombed last week, but there was a new one we took today that i think I bombed too so...oh well. hopefully it will have the same outcome as this weeks. I highly doubt it, but it's worth hoping for.   Hmmm, what else, what else? I played with Wind Symphony. that was a lot of fun. It was funny too. Mr. Silder was talking about backward names and such and all of a sudden Kevin Lewis says loudly, "Wow, norkus backwards is Sukron." it was really quite funny.   So, we did have rehearsal after school today. Just sectionals and full ensemble with the weather being so icky. I kind of like it though. I like storms so, eh. So, we do that and we have dinner and everything and then they tell us we don't have to play at the game tonight and that we can go home. It was AWESOME. So, I came home took a shower, and went out with Chris. Then later we met up with Chris Zois, Nathan, Scott Oliver, Musto, and Carrie. It was awesome. We were kind of planning to meet with Nikki and them too, but I guess they didn't want to come up to the parking garage where we were because it was too cold. We were on the top floor burning incents sitting in the back of Chris' car. It was really funny. This cop car came by and he was really nice about it, but he's like, "I'm gonna need you guys to move." so, we did, and we went to school. Haha. How ironic. to be at school on a Friday night. We went into the band room and jammed for a while. Very cool, very coo. I refused to outright solo though so...eh. Then we just took everyone home which took like...half an hour haha. We jammed everyone in Chris' car. Very funny. So my evening overall was very fun/funny. Whoo, fun fun day. and Bryan's coming tomorrow now!!! Wooo!   :)OK, I just have to say a few things about Chris Jamrose....  He's by far the coolest kid I know and he's my best friend and he's cool and he always listens to me ramble and he's cool and I like to hang out with him because he's cool and I like to talk to him on the phone because it's fun and he's a funny kid and he's definitely cool if I hadn't mentioned that and he gives me rides to places which is a really cool thing to do and actually nothing else about my day is worth mentioning because nothing can surpass the coolness of Christopher Allen Jamrose and I want to be just like him when I grow up because he's so cool and nice and funny. The End.OK, everything is fine. I had a chat with him so it's all good. Whee.I'm really trying but already this is difficult. I feel completely uneeded. I don't think that's a word but...oh well. I feel like the only thing I was good for was so they could meet and now why bother even be friends with me anymore? I mean, I know its not like that but that's just how I feel sometimes. "Oh, at least so and so is here." OK, sorry I'm not more useful. Sorry I can't ever cheer you up anymore. I'm sorry......I think I've just decided to let everything go. Just be happy with what I've got which is a whole lot. I know this year's already started but I'm going to try to make it great. I'm really going to.Sometimes doing the right thing is the hardest thing to do. IIt's kind of hurting me but I guess since I'm helping other people it's ok. I hope it comes out well in the end. Who knows what will happen though?Today was a pretty ordinay day by all accounts. School, marching, eating, homework, sleep. That's all my day's going to end up being. Sad, haha.I'm just trying  to not think about that jazz audition at all. I don't even want to see what spot I got in jazz band. I assume I made jazz band at least because not enough trumpets tried out. It's kind of weird actually. There will be like no trumpets for Jazz Lab because so few tried out. It's usually that we have way too many but eh. I'm thinking I got 3rd in jazz band maybe. They wouldn't put me on second again because I can't solo nor do I want to and Nathan's probably going to be on first. I mean, he probably should be in JSO, but they're going to want him to play lead for jazz band.   Blah blah blah. I need to pick up stuff in my room and I really don't want to. I'm so lazy. I don't want to do my math homework either. I just want to sleep. sleep sleep sleep.   And stalker boy is still stalking and it's getting worse. It's really aggravating. I mean, he's a nice kid and all but really, GIVE IT A REST! Pleaseeee!!!!! It's been three years, aren't you bored?? I don't get it either, why me? It's not like I'm pretty, smart, talented, etc. Oh well, I give up. Farewell kiddies.I messed it up...horribly. I don't even want to continue from there but let me just say I DIDN'T know there was a sight reading part. Heh, enough said.I'm in a SPLENDID mood.....whoooooo!!!!!!!!!!!Wow, what a long day. We ended up getting 2nd in our class, 3rd in all, and the drumline got 1st in our class. Oh, Winds were also second best overall. So, pretty good competition especially since it was our first.   I'm really excited about homecoming. I'm just talking about it with someone right now, and I think it will be a ton of fun. YaY, now I want October 18 to come!   OK, I think I'll go sleep now because I'm REALLY tired.So, today was a good day. A...very good day actually. Things are just going well right now. I'm somewhat confused about something but I'm hoping it will straighten itself out by the end of this weekend.   Tra la la.....we ran pacers in gym today and it was just pooey. I got sweaty. I don't LIKE getting sweaty. Haha...I feel like I'm in Clueless. Kelly and I watched that when she stayed overnight. "I'm totally buggin'" "Where does she meet these barneys?" Hehe. fun times, fun times. But yeah....I did 43 pacers which isn't awful. It's not that great but...eh, it's in the healthy norm. so I'm fine. I was going to go to 37 but forgot...whoops...  Hmmm, and at lunch I wanted to talk to Diane about some stuff and Alicia came and sat with us and just butted into the conversation. "What are you talking about?" "Nothing." "Just tell me the two people involved and I'll leave you alone." Argh.....seriously, stop being so nosy please! It's Diane's and my business! Like, it wouldn't have bothered me if after we said, "nothing" she would have left it at that...  I feel really bad for Jeff though. Gosh, I've never even met Steph and she doesn't sound nice at all. I mean, I always like to give people a chance and not judge by rumor but....there's just SO much, It's difficult to ignore.  This weekend is looking good so far though. Of course this means it'll end up crashing down on me. Tonight I'm going bowling with Brandon, Peter, Dave...yay Dave...I'm so excited to hang out with him. Seriously I love that kid. He makes me day...but yeah, ummm, Alex, Katharine, Allyice and Brad Debnar are also coming so it shall be a fun fun time.  Then, I'm supposed to go see Pirates of the Caribbean with Bryan which is very exciting because I haven't seen it yet!!   Anyway, I must go. I think I might go take a shower or something just because it sounds nice...maybe a bath. That'd be nice too.   Byebye.....Shadows they fall on the stage of your own life Trailing behind footsteps There's comfort in ghosts who are no longer with you Hiding behind your death I let you down you've lost your taste,  I'm losing ground i fall from grace.  Well just listen,   Sometimes,  You gotta' set free what you love just to bring it back Would you ever lose me? Would you ever let go for that?  And if the love is real you gotta' let yourself go,  Just to bring it back.   Sometimes,  Just to bring it back.  Hiding inside my asylum i'm always,  Hanging on by a thread.  I can't ecpect you to respect me until i've,  Learned to respect myself.  I've let you down you've lost your taste,  I'm losing ground i miss your face.  Well just listen,  well just listen,   Sometimes,   Sometimes,   You gotta' set free what you love just to bring it back Would you ever lose me?  Would you ever let go for that?  And if the love is real you gotta' let yourself go,  Just to bring it back.   Sometimes,  Just to bring it back.  I've let you down you've lost your taste,  I'm losing ground i fall from grace.  Well just listen,   Sometimes,   Sometimes,   Sometimes,   You gotta' set free what you love just to bring it back Would you ever lose me?  Would you ever let go for that?  And if the love is real you gotta' teach yourself,  Just to bring it back.   Sometimes,  Just to bring it back.  Oh the love you're bringing back.  Oh the love you're bringing back.   Sometimes,   Sometimes,  Just to bring it back.  You gotta' let go.Wow, long long day. School, marching, etc...   It wasn't too bad I suppose and I went out to lunch with Chris and others. My day itself was pretty mediocre so....eh.  It kind of amazes me...and I guess worries me that I've gotten So good at hiding things like when I'm upset. Even from Chris and he's my best friend and even from my mom and I tell her a heck of a lot. I don't know. I guess that just kind of scares me. I don't think hiding the fact that I'm upset is really good. It all bottles up and then I just end up really really upset. Oh well. I don't care. I'm sure I'm just tired.Argh. He is such a weiner.Wow, I like this computer so much more than my mom's. Actually, I think I just like the keyboard better but who cares. I like it better.  Today was a pretty decent day. I actually got into Social Dance for gym.  That might actually be semi-funny considering it'll probably be all seniors in my class. At least Brandon and Peter will be there.   And during Wind Symphony today, (I played with them again because I have Drivers Ed. Study hall and I had nothing else to practice) I was trying to lift the stand up and it wouldn't budge, so I pulled realllly hard on it, and the top part just came right off and hit me square in the face. Haha, it was SO funny. I wish they would have had it on video. Ah well, it made my day. That and Ashley Richter's story. Hehe.  I missed Chris today. He was gone allll day and I needed to talk to him about something and he wasn't there. Grrr. I wonder what time he's getting home. Hopefully soon.   And, I'm not doing my Satire and Comedy original satire alone anymore. Carson and I are going to work together. I was really surprised when she offered to. I mean...happy...just...surprised. It's going to be really fun working with her.   Hmmm, what else, what else? Our group for homecoming just keeps getting bigger and bigger haha. It's kind of funny. I think we've got 12 people so far. I think it'll be a really fun night and I'm glad Chris and Nikki are coming. That'll make it even better.  Well, I suppose I must go do my laundry...YaY?? Not really. Oh well. I feel like writing more sort of, but I have nothing to write about really. I don't want to complain because I'm in a really good mood but there's nothing more to say about my good mood therefore, I shall stop rambling now. My deepest apologies to anyone who has to sit through these. Well...if anyone even reads them...Hmmm...I really don't know. Ah well. Au revoir.I really don't have anything to write in here but i thought I'd write before I went to bed. I'm so tired. I mean, I guess it makes sense considering I went to bed at 2:00 last night or this morning, however you look at it.   i hear we have a showcase thing this Thursday at Oswego. That should be pretty fun I suppose. Then nothing this upcoming weekend with marching. I think that'll be really good. I'm hopihng to hang out a lot with friends I never get to see like Kelly and all them.  I am just so out of it right now I can barely type. I'm sure there's about 20 typos in here so far, but I just can't be bothered to go fix them.   And I suppose since I am that tired i should go sleep. Good night....So, yesterday was...a pretty fun day by most accounts. The actual FOUR HOUR REHEARSAL!!! sucked like no other. stretching for half an hour, basics for an hour, full coordinating for an hour, music for half an hour, and drill for an hour. BLAH! But from then on things improved quite a bit. We did have to sit on buses with our sections but it was ok. Chris and Nathan and I were talking and stuff. So, we did our stuff and went and had an AWESOME show! :) YaY!! And then we got into regular clothes and went and sat in the stands all together. It was soooo cold but I sat between bryan and Chris so...that was better. Plus, I got a sunburn from yesterday during rehearsal so that warmed my face nicely. :)   And so we watched the other bands and such and then....the awards....  We go first!!!!! It was amazing. We got first in our class. that's just so neat considering where we were freshman year. WOW! We got outstanding percussion, and outstanding visual. We didn't get music or guards sadly. :( Oh well, it's ok. I think we got third overall or something like that. Yeah yeah! It rocked. then on the way home, nathan and I switched buses which was really fun because we went to the party bus and we sang all the way home and were just loud and happy although our bus driver was kind of mean....poo on her.   Afterwards, I went to stake N Shake with both Chris', Nathan, and Carrie. Lots and lots of fun. Then we went and dropped Carrie off and just drove around and talked for a while. It was all in all a really fun day, and now I'm really excited for our next competition. I mean...we're actually....GOOD this year. Not like amazing. But we're pretty good considering where we were freshman year! :)   YaY! Everything just seems to be going well right now! I think I'll go grab some lunch before my driving lesson today. Byebye...Ahhh! I have like...nothing to do. This is insane. I haven't stayed home on both Friday and Saturday night in so long and now I remember why. I reallllly wish I were at the competition right now. I hope they're doing well. I think they may have just performed. I might call Brandon and ask how it went. I don't know though.  I think I'll just go finish my book now or something...I'm pretty bummed right now. I really did want to go to this competition. It's a really big one, and I asked, and asked again if I could go but...i guess the doctor and my mom are right. It's too risky to go that far away.   At least the pain's gone though. These painkillers defnitely worked. I was scared they wouldn't but they are thankfully. :)  I guess I'll go sleep some more since these things make me like....super tired.Wow, what a morning.  so, I'm scheduled to go to the doctor for just a routine check-up kind of thing and when my mom wakes me up this mroning, i have this reallllllly bad pain in my left side. It hurt so much. So, we went to the doctor, and we asked her about it and stuff and she did a bunch of tests and she thinks i have a kidney stone. Now, I guess kidney stones are supposedly sometimes worse than childbirth. So...ow. So, I'm sitting there like...not even able to cry because that kind of movement would hurt, and actually vomiting because the pain is so bad. It was really just...awful.   So, then I had to go get a CAT Scan. that was a little scary but oh well. I wont know the actually results until a few hours, but...that's most likely what it is because I have all the symptoms.  Why am I so happy now you may wonder? Pain pills.....heh, beautiful things. I'm not usually a big pill taking person but it hurt SO much and...haha, now I'm happy. A wee bit out of it but happy nonetheless. I'm really worried about tomorrow though. I honestly do want to go, but i guess we'll have to see what the doctor says about that one. If I do go though, i bet i'll still be on pain killers. that should be....errr, interesting?  well, I guess i should go lie down and rest up. I'll probably write more later.Oh WOW. I just looked at the schedule for marching on Saturday. We have to be there by 9:30 that morning and we don't get home until 2:00 A.M. Sunday morning!!! Ahhhh!!! Insanity.Today was a good day for the most part. I got called down to the dean but other than that, it was pretty good. It kind of went by slowly. Then marching wasn't too bad and hmmm, then I went to Chris' tonight. That was fun. Nikki brought the homecoming thing over and she stayed for like, an hour. It was nice. We reminisced haha.   I can't wait to see my first James Bond movie tomorrow! :) I'm quite excited. I'm not sure who's going now or what...but we shall see, we shall see.   Anyway, I am EXHAUSTED. Good night.So, I don't know how to really explain today. Such a mix of emotions throughout the day but it ended well!!  Kind of a scary/sad/eye-opening experience that I don't think I should write about in here considering more peole than I thought read this.   Ah well, tonight was fun. I went over to Carson's to finish our Satire project. It was actually a ton of fun. We have to make plans to watch Chicago now. I've really missed spending time with her. And...David called while I was there!!! Aww, I iss him so much. :( I wish he'd come back from Georgia. Who likes Georgia anyway??  I really need to talk to Chris but I haven't had the chance. Ah well. Anyway, I think I should be getting to seep now. Gooood night all. I'm so glad my day finished well. I'm really glad I was with Carson. She was there today and she knows my day just wasn't going well. She was really there for me.   Au revoir...french rap is Godly. :)Today was a pretty good day. Nothing really eventful happened. i ran the mile. Heh, ok...so I didn't really run. Whoops. I just can't be bothered to care. This is WHY I took social dance folks.   Argh...Chris started singing, "Carry on My Wayward Son" a few days ago and now it's in my head and it WONT GO AWAY!! It's a good song but still it wont go away.Go Cubs!! That's all I have to say.Hmmm....so....today was an alright day I suppose. I went to the park and met up with Chris and Jim. That was pretty cool. Then Chris and I drove around for a while talking. it was nice. I didn't really hang out with him this weekend other than today so it was fun.   He's such a good friend. Like...seriously. I love having him as my best friend. He arranges stuff...heh heh. He's always there when I'm upset and he's really good to talk to. I'm actually really worried about next year when he goes to college. I'm not sure who I'll talk to because he's one of the only people I trust. Ah well, I guess i'll just have to see what happens when that time comes.  I think I'll go finish my laundry and go sleep....I love good moods. Seriously. I wish that I could feel like this all the time, but I know I can't. I guess this wouldn't be special if I felt like this all the time anyway. I suppose there have to be bad moods for the good moods to  be good.   AND, what makes my mood even better is that I didn't run over a curb while driving today. YaY! :)Well, I guess this will be pretty short since I have a driving lesson in a few minutes but I don't know. This thing last night is really getting to me. I know no one was seriously injured or anything but...it's still getting to me. and i know it wasn't Brandon's fault. It was an accident, but it still just...gets to me....Wow, what a night. Just...wow.  What a day actually. I went to see Pirates of the Caribbean with Bryan finally!! :) It was a really good movie. I didn't think I'd like it but i did.   Then after that I went out with...an odd but fun group of people. We all went downtown Naperville. Chris, Peter, Nikki, Becky, Lisa, Kathryn, Kelly, and me. It was fun, but I only spent a bit of time with them, because Brandon called Peter and asked him if he wanted to see School of Rock, and no one else wanted to go but me and Peter so we went, and that was cool and everything. Very funny movie. That was also much better than I expected.  But then, on the way out, things turned upside down and Brandon accidentally hit someone while backing out. Like, an actual person. They're not too seriously injured. I think maybe a broken leg, but gosh...it was just such a shock. Then Peter was a witness so we had to stay for a bit until the police said we could go. It was just really crazy and surprising. So, the ride home was a bit depressing but ah well.   Today was still such a fun day. This whole weekend without marching has just been so much fun. It's nice to have a break from it all. :)  I definitely need to go to bed though. I have a driving lesson tomorrow. Crazy stuff.WOWWY. What a...past 24 hours, and....the excitement isn't even close to over yet. At least I got through the crappy stuff. Yesterday was a very good day in quite a few aspects. A few I can't mention...actually, I can't mention most heh, but I  did get a good grade on my math test and I got out of periods 6, 7, and 8. I have 5th hour lunch too. :)  The assembly yesterday...ehhh....we sucked. We did really poorly. There's nothing else to really say about it honestly. It was interesting. Then, rehearsal wasn't bad at all for once. We had music checks during sectionals and I actually passed....  I was really worried about it to be honest. I know I know all of my music but I was afraid I'd make a dumb mistake and get in trouble for that but I didn't! YaY! And then...before the game, all the seniors were taking pictures and stuff, and so on the way there...I got to call out the 5, 6, 7, 8. It was exciting, hehe.   The game was pretty good and our show was going great at halftime but they had to cut out the last song because things ran over, and we didn't have enough time to finish. I felt kind of bad since it was the seniors' last night and their last chance to perform in front of everyone, but at least the first part of our show was good.   I got home around 11:00'ish went pretty much right to sleep and woke up at 6:30 for PSAT's. Wooohooo. It was fun times. I had to take it in a serperate place than everyone else, so I got to go at my own pace which was nice because I finished an hour early, and they just let me leave. I was like...sweet. I actually have some free time.  And...in an hour and a half, I have my hair appointment! :) YaY! I'm SO excited for homecoming...like...unbelievably excited. I think it will be really fun and I'm glad I'm going with Bryan.   Everything is going so well right now. I'm afraid to be saying that honestly...like...if I do everything will go back to sucking. Ah well. We'll see what happens. I really should get going. Quite a bit to do...OK...NOW I'm going to sleep. I swear. Haha. I had forgotten about some homework, then I went online for a few minutes....ok, like 20 and then...well, now I'm going to sleep. I'm getting offline, and I'm GOING to sleep. No matter what!Ok, NOW I'm going to sleep....really...Yah, umm...today was good, which is why I'm actually going to go to sleep right now before I get a chance to have a bad night. I'm going to get so much sleep. YaY! :)Ugh, seriously. I've been like...bipolar the last few days. This is messed up. I'm happy with my day, even if it wasn't THAT great and then...I get into a reallly bad mood by the end of the night. Blah.Ugh. Stupid Florida full of it's old people who don't know how to vote. Sorry. Nothing against old people. I'm just hostile because...well, obvious reasons. :(Little Candle Burn so bright Holding back The starry night But if I were To blow you out Would I have cause To scream and shout? For the night is safe And withholds the light Of painful memories Of Malice and Spite But all too soon The night starts to fade Caused by the coming Of the new day And all of my angers Fears and despairs Are exposed again By the sun's cruel rays So Little Candle Burning so bright Should I destroy you? Would that be right? With one little puff You would be away My dark side hidden Until the next day But your light that flickers Gives me solace tonight Withholds all the pains That give me reason to fight So while I battle Against memories and fears I'll allow you to burn To dry up my tears.YaY! I love having MY computer back! :) It's nice to be in my own room where I can listen to my own music and such.   Today was a much beter day than yesterday. Well....until the Cubs game it was. I don't think I can bring myself to watch the game. I want to...but, maybe I'll only watch the 9th inning haha.   Anyway, I went out to lunch today which was nice, well...not really out to lunch , over to Matthew's. That was...interesting but we wont talk about that. Oh, and I managed to get food from people. I asked both Brandon and Peter to make me a biscuit when they were in senior foods...and they did! I was like...YAY! Food!  Oh...REALLY scary experience for the day though. I'm sitting on the steps in the band room before school this morning waiting to go in since we had to be there early and...I didn't even play but that's not the point. Anyway, I'm sitting on the stairs with a bunch of people innocently drawing with the erasable crayons Kelly has which are AMAZING which also isn't the point and Peter, who was sitting across from me gets up, and like, two minutes after that Kelly was like..."Ummm, what IS that?" And we all look, and there's this huge cockroach. Right on the stairs where Peter was sitting. It was the GROSSEST thing I've ever seen. Then...Greame came in and tried to smush it, and we all thought it was dead, and...I was still extremely grossed out, but at least I thought it was dead.  THEN, sixth hour, I come back in the band room, and Elizabeth and I took a look at it and realized it's little legs were STILL moving. These things are like...immortal. But.....ewww. It was creepy. So, we get Greg Freeman to come try to squish it with his shoe, which he does surprisingly and we hear this loud crack and....EWWWW. I swear I'm going to have nightmares tonight about cockroaches. So grody.  But yeah...after explaining all that I have to go eat dinner now. More later perhaps. Perhaps not?Today is gonna be the day That they're gonna throw it back to you By now you should've somehow Realized what you gotta do I don't believe that anybody Feels the way I do about you now   Backbeat the word was on the street That the fire in your heart is out I'm sure you've heard it all before But you never really had a doubt I don't believe that anybody feels The way I do about you now   And all the roads we have to walk along are winding And all the lights that lead us there are blinding There are many things that I would Like to say to you I don't know how   Because maybe You're gonna be the one who saves me? And after all You're my wonderwall   Today was gonna be the day But they'll never throw it back to you By now you should've somehow Realized what you're not to do I don't believe that anybody Feels the way I do About you now   And all the roads that lead to you were winding And all the lights that light the way are blinding There are many things that I would like to say to you I don't know how   I said maybe You're gonna be the one who saves me? And after all You're my wonderwall   I said maybe You're gonna be the one who saves me? And after an You're my wonderwall   Said maybe You're gonna be the one that saves me You're gonna be the one that saves me You're gonna be the one that saves me...  ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~  The quiet things nobody ever knows...  I think I need to start telling people stuff. Not just listening. I think I need to go back to talking more, but it's amazing how much you find out when you just...listen. But, somebody said that today and I started thinking of how many quiet things there are about me that nobody knows. I'd make a list, but I'm paranoid. I would automatically think someone would find it. Even if I kept it in my room, and no one ever goes in my room. :) It's my one place where I can just be me, and have my alone time. I have this feeling I'm going to loathe sharing a room with someone in college.OK, I'm going to cry...seriously. OK, not really, but I'm frustrated with...quite a bit right now. BLAH!!!  AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I know what I need....death music....yes....some good angry death music.   OK, the Cubs TOTALLY had it. It was three to nothing, and now they lost and just...poo. :( This just makes me mad. And, I have to read this stupid play by tomorrow for Sat/Com. I understand it's supposed to be a great work of art but it's NO Shakespeare. Seriously, how much does O'Neil have to reiterate that the mother is a drug addict and the father and his kids are all alches.   And, on top of it all..I'm writing in here when I should be reading...yeah. Dumb, 'eh? That's what I think too, yet...I continue writing.  My day wasn't all that great either. At least I didn't have to take the bus this morning, but....blah. It was just sort of a mediocre day and this was not a good end to it.   I just realized why my day was so blah. Everything was like...two steps away. I'd get so close to something and then it would just exceed my grasp. I would get so close to doing something right or getting to do something I really wanted and then...the carpet would be pulled from beneath me abruptly. Oh well. I don't care. It'll all be better tomorrow. In the meantime, I'll listen to death music and read this timeless classic piece of....poo. Heh...classic piece of poo. I made myself laugh. Wow, that doesn't happen very often unless I trip or something which isn't really possible seeing as I'm sitting down...but, yes...anyway...I'm just going to go sleep now.Well, I didn't end up going downtown as planned because I wasn't feeling really great this morning. It's ok though because I'm going to the mall later. I really need to go too. I need to get some stuff for homecoming that I wont have another chance to get.   I'm really really excited for homecoming. :) I seriously think it's going to be so much fun.   I just talked to Joanne on the phone for about 40 minutes! :) It was so nice to actually talk to her again. I really miss her a lot. Ah well. I guess I should get going. Lots to do.So, I had a pretty decent day. hung out with Chris for a while and that was about it really. I ate normal food which was nice. :) And now since the pain medication hasn't totally warn off, I'm going to go sleep. Then tomorrow, downtown Chicago with my mommy. :) YaY!Just sort of a random thought...  I find it sort of ironic that spring is known as the time when everyone falls in love and such but in reality it's usually the time everyone breaks up or is fighting with whoever they're with. Fall really seems like the best time relationship wise for people...Well, I'm finally off the pain medication :) I can't decide whether that's a good or bad thing though. Haha, I was so happy on the medication. Ah well. I'm just glad it's gone.There's nothing I can write in here. So much is going on that I just wouldn't dream of writing in here. It's alll good stuff though. :) I'm qute happy right now.  I still can't stop smiling. when I just get a chance to sit and think...all I do is smile.I don't think I'm so confused anymore. Everything seems a heck of a lot clearer right now. Maybe I'm just super tired, but after talking to a few select people, things are a lot better and make a lot more sense. I think I know now. :) I definitely think I know the right choice.   And I can't stop smiling stupidly...  I guess I should try going to sleep now...heh, I probably wont...I'm really confused about stuff right now. Like..thoroughly unbelievably confused. I really need to talk to Chris. He's supposed to call sometime soon so...I guess I will soon. I just....ahhhhhh....I don't knowwww. I don't know at all.   Blah.Today was a pretty good day all in all. Not too much happened. Learned more of the tango in gym. I just think that's so cool. Learning the tango...but yeah, I guess this one girl had to go to the hospital because she fell on her elbow during one of the dips. I feel really bad for her but at the same time I can't help but laugh a little. Tango as a leading cause of death...heh, ah well.  Ashley and I are talking more. It's really cool. She's just such a cool nice person. I just love her. It's too bad she's a senior.  Marching today we did like...nothing. There were so few people there and it was just like..8 trumpets. Crazyness.  I'm listening to my Dave CD that I just searched all through my house for. I think it's my favorite Dave CD.  Spring sweet rhythm dance in my head Slip into my lover's hands Kiss me oh won't you kiss me now And sleep I would inside your mouth  Don't be us too shy Knowing it's no big surprise That I will wait for you I will wait for no one but you  Look please lover lay down Spend this time with me Together share this smile Lover lay down  Spend this time with me Walk with me, walk with you Hold my hand your hands So much we have dreamed And we were so much younger Hard to explain that we are stronger  A million reasons life to deny Let's toss them away See you and me we Lay down look see She and he By my lover's side Together share this smile Each other's tears to cry Together share this smile Lover lay down  Oh please Look please lover lay down Oh please lover lay down And you weep Lover lay down Cause it's over Lover lay down Say lover, say lover, say lover, say lover, say lover Could I love you Could you love me  Darling it's All the same  'Til we dance away  Chasing me all around Leading me all around in circles chasing me all around Leading me all around in circles Say...So, today was a very nice birthday. Bryan and Chris got me the funniest gifts which I wont explain in here. If you really want to know...just ask. It was a really funny start to my day. And Kathryn got me flowers and it was just really nice.   We started to learn the tango in gym today! It was trs exciting. Well, in a way it was kind of creepy because she was telling us to look into our partners eyes and...yeah...just, yeah, it was creepy.  Hmmm, definitely didn't go to marching today. Instead I went out to dinner with my family which was nice. Then, I came home and got ready for the concert REALLY fast, then went and we actually played pretty well considering I thought we'd royally suck. Then I went to TCBY with Bryan, Chris, Nikki, Becky, Kelly, Jim, and Brandon. Fun stuff.   Chris says he's not mad at me but I'm pretty sure he's upset with me about something, or things are just changing. I kind of expected this I guess though. I was just hoping it wouldn't happen. Oh well, I guess I'll just see what happens.  Sleeep time.Well, good morning everyone. Whoever's smart is still sleeping because we have LATE ARRIVAL! I forgot. I can't believe I just flat out FORGOT late arrival. So after my shower and ironing my shirt and everything, while I'm puting on my shirt I realize, "oh I don't have to be at school for another two and a half hours!!!!! AHH! Haha, I guess it's pretty funny when you think about it. I think I'll go try to go back to sleep for a bit.I am totally going to sleep now, amazing as it is. I'm not going to come back to my computer...well, I'll TRY not to.Good day. :) YaY! Very good day actually....  Dan wasn't there in Wind Ensemble. I didn't do anything in math really, I started to learn the waltz in gym, I think I did well on my french test, I went out for lunch, found out this big project I have to do isn't due for another week and a half, and then...well, 7th and 8th hour kinda sucked. Stupid tests. I was so out of it. I couldn't write properly for my essay test for satire. Oh well. It was a silly play. I'm glad it's over.   I kind of just realized I'm going to be 17 tomorrow. That's so weird...17 seems so old...older than 16 seemed definitely. I'll only be a year from being able to legally buy cigarettes. Not that I would because smoking is just GROSS but it just surprises me.  Marching wasn't bad today but oh my gosh...Nathan found this can of axe in the guys locker room and was spraying it. He sprayed me like...five times, and Peter once or twice, and Chris Z. like..10 times. Of course the three of us got rides home from Peter. Oh my gosh...that stuff is SO strong. We opened the windows but then something smelled outside so we had to close them again. AHH! It was just crazy. CRAZY I tell you!  I'm in a really good mood right now for some reason...YaY! :)OK, so I was mistaken. There's no concert tomorrow. Wind Symphonie's and Concert Band's is Thursday night, not tomorrow. Ah well.   OK....Stephen just completely made my day!! We were talking about something and he said the phrase, "is that how you get your jollys?" Seriously...it just completely made my day...other than the hot guy on the spanish channel. Oh my GOSH he was HOTTTTT.I'm just a tad bit confused about stuff right now. OK, not a tad bit...REALLY confused about stuff. I sort of vented to Nikki. That was nice.   Quick announcement....anyone who calls me muffin cake is gonna die.Oh my gosh...holy cow!!  I was just flipping through the channels on my TV since I have no homework and I actually get to watch TV for once amazingly and there was the HOTTEST, and I mean like...super-hot-oh-my-gosh-I'd-do-him hot guy on the spanish channel. I didn't understand what they were saying at all but I guess I really wouldn't have been listening had I been able to understand it.  Wow....that just made my day like...20 times better.My day was pretty good. Heh heh...a lot of people know what happened on Saturday now... I'm not sure if that's a good or bad thing. I guess we'll see. Plus, no marching today!! YaY! :) I love not having marching. Tomorrow will be weird without the Wind Symphony and Concert Band people. Nothing really significant happened in my day. Well, I suppose it did, but nothing I really want to write about here. Maybe I'll write more later if I think of something.I'm still soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo tired. I want to sleep but I can't. Ahhh. Oh well. It was worth it...definitely....times like...50. Oh, I counted the number of pins in my hair....54. 54! Is that not crazy??  Tra la la...I can't wait to go back to sleep tonight....Wow, I just woke up. I slept SO much. It was really nice. I may actually go back to sleep. Maybe not since if I do I wont sleep tonight and tomorrow I have school....arghhh....  Hmmm, we have a competition next Saturday. I hope it goes well. It's our last one. Wow....marching went by REALLY fast this year.   Heh, when I started out junior year I thought it was going to be my crappiest year yet but the beginning has been realllly good so far. Maybe I'm just saying this because I had a good day yesterday but...eh. I'm still feeling really good about everything right now. AND, I can legally see R rated movies in...three days.I am SO tired....just exhausted. I was like, half asleep in Steak 'N Shake so I'm glad we didn't stay there for long. :) What a great night though. Seriously...on how good my day was on a scale of 1-10, 10 being the best...I'm at like a 9.3 and really, the only reason it's .7 off is because of PSAT's. Well, those and the fact that I finally took my hair out and not only does my room reek of hairspray, but my hair is all hard...  It's creepy...  Anywho, (I don't think that would have been considered correct on the PSAT's) I am DEFINITELY going to sleep now. :)   Phrase of the day...    *Practice makes perfect.* ;)Homecoming was AMAZING. That's all I'm going to say...at least in here. :)Ahh blog. Poor abused blog. The victim of my copious complaints and ramlbings. I still have not finished cleaning. STILL. You'd think I could just finish it and be done with it, but everything has to go back into it's place, and I always seem to find something to distract me for 15 minutes. The time just keeps adding up and before I know it, it's after 7:00. Ah well, at least I have my blog. I do wonder why I've become so dependant upon this though. I think I'd be rather upset if someone were to take away my computer, and not because I can't use AIM, but because I couldn't write in here. I suppose I could start an ACTUAL diary but that just doesn't seem right at all.I managed to somehow stay in pajamas all day. I mean, I took a shower this morning and then I was like...why bother change into real clothes? So, I didn't. I just changed back into a pair of pajamas.   This is weird. My fingers are like numb. It's actually sort of difficult for me to type. I guess I shouldn't be typing anyway. I should be cleaning. I need to finish up my room so I can go out tomorrow. I'm not sure what I even want to do tomorrow. I kind of want to hang out with Chris since I haven't hung out with him in a while. Or Nikki, Kathryn, Kelly, and Mary Clare since I haven't hung out with them in a while either. And I..obviously want to hang out with Bryan, but yeah. Who knows? Maybe I'll end up doing nothing but going to church.   I'm listening to October right now. It sort of makes me sad since this is the song I always listen to when soomething really crappy happens or when I'm in an awful mood.   But things have been so good lately. I mean, last week was amazing. Or, Monday and Tuesday were at least. I don't know. I stll kind of can't get over it. I thought he might have, but hearing him say it was so different and surprising for some reason. I guess it just feels really nice to have someone like me for me, and someone who I really like as well and can be myself around. Like...I don't feel stupid around him. I feel completely relaxed and comfortable.   I'm just really happy with the way things are going right now...at least in that area.   Next weekend I'm going to Michigan! :) YaY! I'm really excited to see everyone. Lauren, Max, Sara...it should be really really nice. I've been talking to Lauren so much more lately too. Ever since this summer, we talk a lot more. I'm not sure why,   And yay! Chris just called me. It was nice talking to him. :) Haha...it was also fun talking to him and Bryan last night. That was trs funny.   Anyway I'm going to go finish up my cleaning! I swear I am! :) Maybe...So, yeah...I guess on top of other things, having to go back for another MRI, I might be anemic again too. I mean, I guess it's ok. It's really not that bad considering other things. It's just more of a nuisance than anything. I guess we'd all just thought it had gone away. I was severely anemic as a baby, but I went to the hospital, they gave me shots, and I was ok.  I guess my lack of energy has started to worry my mom lately. And when I mentioned always being cold to her last night she said I might be anemic again. Oh well, it's ok, I just don't want to go get any more shots. I'm not a big fan. That AND the blood test I have to take AND the MRI. Blah. I'm scared enough of the hospital and doctor as is.   Alright, I think I'll stop complaining now. This all really isn't a big deal. I just needed to complain a little.Tonight was a lot of fun. :) I hung out with Bryan for a while and that's all I did. That's all I really wanted to do tonight to be hpnest. I'm not a big fan of Halloween. I mean, it's really not a big deal to me. It's kind of just another day.   I don't think I'm going to Nikki's tonight. I'm just too tired. I don't know why I've been so tired lately. It's crazy. I think I may just go to sleep now. Yeah...that's definitely what I'm going to do. I mean, I guess I feel a bit like a loser for not going out and partying until all hours on Halloween but, 'eh.  Maybe next year.So, I've figured something out. I SUCK at swing dancing. Like...seriously suck at it. I don't know why but it's just not my forte at all. Oh well, such is life.  I gave my drivers ed presentation today. It wasn't bad at all. Boring yes...but not bad.   This is driving me crazy. Haha, like how I go from talking about drivers ed to..."this is driving me crazy?" Haha, whoo, I crack myself up sometimes. Anyway, I wish we hadn't gone an hour behind and stopped marching all at once Not only do I feel like I have a lot of time after school because there's no more marching, but it gets dark so early so it confuses me. I seriously thought it was like...8:30 when it was 5:30 today. It's annoying.  I think I have to go rent Testament again and watch it and get quotes this time. I pretty much just watched it during class, but we have to write a paper with quotes and stuff. Argh. It'd be ok if it didn't need quotes. Ah well.  It still amazes me how great this week has been. I mean...it's pretty much all because of one reason or...well, one person but still. I actually think this week would suck if not for that.  He picked a good week to tell me. :)  Anyway, I guess I should go finish up my cleaning.   Hmmm, I seem to write a lot less in here when I'm happy. I wonder if I'll start writing less in here or not. Probably not. I've actually gotten pretty attached to this thing.I think I'm actually going to clean my room. This is amazing.I actually did go to sleep earlier. It was so nice. I slept for like, an hour and a half. It was just so nice. Mayybe that'll make up for the hour and a half it'll take me to fall asleep tonight.So, today wasn't as good as yesterday or the day before, but...I really wasn't expecting it to. Nothing could have topped yesterday.   Band was ok. We have to do seat placement auditions. Blah. I don't really care that much, I just don't want to make a tape. That bites.   Math was boring...shock shock. Gym was ok. We started swing dancing. I'm square I guess. I can't swing dance. And French was....eh, it was french.   I just worked on my driver's ed thing during lunch. I guess that wasn't so bad. Then we had an assembly and then...I watched the end of Testament. What a depressing movie. Wow. I don't think I've ever seen anything so depressing.   That was really about it though. My day was so uneventful and now...I have nothing to do which I guess is nice but in a minute way, I wish I was in marching right now. That scares me.   Ah well, I guess I'll go...I don't know. Maybe I'll go sleep. I'm really tired. Maybe I'll take an hour nap. Yeahh, that'd be really nice. :)I'm so happy. :) I could honestly probably go on for hours about the good mood I'm in and why and the fact that this kind of thing actually worked out for me for once and how I finally liked the right person, but I DO have to sleep so...maybbeeee later.Wow...I honestly didn't think today could possibly get better than yesterday but...it definitely did.   So, yeah...Bryan asked me out. :) I was like, "come on, tell me, it can't be better than what you told me yesterday." I guess I was wrong...in a VERY good way.  YAY! Amazing day. I'm seriously so happy right now. I got inside my house after he dropped me off and I was like...jumping up and down I was so happy. :) I was hoping he would so much.   Ah, and now I have to go...more later maybe...Definitely time for me to sleep I think. Well...if I can sleep...Wow...what an amazing day. OK....not the whole day. Just the after school part. :)  Hehe, I really like him....a lot a lot a lor a lot to like the....50th power. Like...seriously..............wow, I just wrote, "like seriously." I make myself sick.Oh well  I'm just so happy right now....  I can't stop smiling and yeah....I feel dumb and corny but I can't. I'm really excited he finally told me himself.   I'm just going to stop writing now before I show my corny side anymore...Well, the competition today was a looootttt of fun. :) We were one point off of getting into the finals, but it's ok. We'll make it next year. :)  And I'm back to being confused...AGAIN. Shock shock. Oh well. I'm just going to play things by ear...see what happens.Well, dearest blog, I will not be able to write in you for the next few days. I shall miss it immensely.   I actually spent a lot of time talking to Pat tonight. He's a really cool guy. It'd be nice if I could actually meet him though or even talk to him. Haha, maybe I can call him from Lauren's house tomorrow. I'd just go to his house but he doesn't even live that close to Lauren I don't think...  I think I need to at least go get SOME sleep before the car ride. I mean, I don't think I can sleep for the whole thing. I almost feel guilty when I do that since my mom is driving and it's like...oh, you have to do all the work while I sleep comfortably in the back seat.   It was fun. I was talking with Bryan and I was trying to type incorrectly. Ex: how r u? It was actually really difficult for me to do. I think I've gotten so accustomed to typing like this, typing out my you's and such that it's just really difficult for me to think another way. I'm a pretty fast typer too. Or, I'd like to think I am. I guess I'm really not sure. I do the one finger thing. I only type with my two index fingers.   Crazy, yet amusing...  OK, sleepy time, then Michigan time. :)OK, I took care of everything I needed to take care of. Now I can enjoy Michigan and not have to do a lot of homework and stuff. I went to the store with my Mommy which was cool. I stopped at Gap and got the COOLEST pair of pants ever. Seriously I LOVE them. Ah, they're so soft and comfy and...AH! I love them. Haha, I don't usually get that excited over clothes but...these pants are the coolest. Plus, they're black which is awesome because black is an amazing color...err...not really a color but that's ok.  I'm really excited for Michigan. Of course, I'm only going for like...48 hours. I think I'll bring, The Great Gatsby to read in the car. Woo. Wow...I just realized that there's a spell check on this thing. That's exciting. I could use that. It says I spelled comfy wrong. Possibly because comfy isn't a word...  I hope Bryan had fun seeing, "The Producers." I really really want to see it. He's so lucky. I'm kind of bummed I'm not going to get to spend any time with him this weekend at all but it's ok. Possibly next weekend.   I wonder how the game went. I feel bad for not going, but it really wouldn't have made a difference had I gone. Nathan and Peter were there, and they're both strong players so I'm sure it's fine. Plus, I would have just been getting home now probably and I NEVER would have had time to do all the stuff I needed to.  Haha, today in Wind Ensemble, it was kind of funny. All of a sudden Dave says, "Wow, we are the worst trumpet section ever," and I realized he was completely right. He was like, "I'm sitting here not even playing, Peter's reading the newspaper, Norkus is doing..I don't know what the Hell Norkus is doing (I was wrting a note to Carson) and Dan is...just Dan." I don't know, it just made me laugh, especially hearing that from Dave of all people. Haha.   OK, I need to go get sleep. I'm leaving in lilke, 5 hours. Blahhhhh. I want the car ride to be done with. I wish I had a private jet so I could just fly there.I definitely need to pack and get my stuff ready for this weekend. I didn't go to rehearsal for marching because I didn't want to be packing at like 11:30 when I get home tonight then leave at like..4:00 in the morning. That would suck big time. :(  Today was actually a really good day. It probably helped that it was the last day of such a crappy week. I have an A in history...I'm not sure how and Carson and I did an interpretive dance on Kafka's, The Metamorphosis. It was a lot of fun. I wasn't going to do it but then I gave in and went with it.   I really do need to go pack though. I'm kind of sad I wont get to see anyone this weekend. Ohh well. Maybe Tuesday since we have no school. :)So, on the one hand, throwing up sucks, but...staying home was nice. Like...really nice. So nice in fact that it was ok I was throwing up. That's how happy I was to not have to go to school and deal with people. People suck. That's my astute finding for the week. Remember that kids.  I watched Finding Nemo today too which was nice. It made me laugh but laughing made my stomache worse so...yeah. I slept a lot today too. Ah, I sort of wish I were still sick so I would have to miss school tomorrow too.   On the bright side of things, I talked to Bryan for a while. Probably the best part of my day.   I also talked to Chris which was nice. Things are good now so...I'm really happy for him. :)  I kind of wish I could dig myself a hole and go sleep in it until this week is over. I wish I were a hobbit.   OK, I'm going to sleep now definitely. I'm exhausted even though I slept like...all day.Blah.   :(Ughhhhh.....................  Bad bad bad bad week, and it's only Tuesday. Thats what's so annoying about this all. It's ONLY TUESDAY!!!  I'm not even going to go into my crappy day. There was one good thing that happened today. Kelly got me Finding Nemo. :) That made me happy. Very happy. Then...my day just went downhill from there.  Oh yeah. Jazz is going to suck unbelievably this year. UGHHHHHHHHHHHHH.  Tom is possibly the biggest jerk I know. I mean...really. I honestly don't see any redeeming qualities in him. Dan's not even as bad as Tom. I at least can get along with Dan. We joke and stuff but....Tom's just an ass. I'm not one for swearing often, but he is.   Ugh, I just don't even feel like typing I'm so annoyed.Hmmm, Im not sure if Ive given this spiel before but I think I shall again simply because it annoys me THAT much. I absolutely LOATHE the word whatever when used as a single word response. OK, Im going to go now. Whatever.  It just seems so callous and ambivalent (Sat/Com buzz word. Wow, Ms. Gatto would be proud). Like, one really doesnt care what others feel or do. My deep ceded abhor for the word isnt recent either. Its just been galling me a lot more lately as I hear it used more often. That and, luv, but I wont even start on that one. Thats for my next rant  Well, now that thats out of the way, I can go on to bigger and better? No, not better, well, at least bigger things. Today was a Monday. And I mean that in the true sense of the definition. My energy (what minute amount I began with) tapered off byoh 6:45. I woke up at 6:00ish. 45 minutes of energy. And if only 45 minutes of energy isnt bad enough, it was wasted on the morning. Mornings are evil too. Wow, theres so much evil in this world. Or maybe Im just eccentric. Either wayit bites. I think Im going to make a list of everything that is evil or has the potential to be evil tomorrow.  I definitely have to work on my tape for the seating auditions for Wednesday. Yeah, I forgot my trumpet at school this weekend. Thats not helping me. Not at all. Oh well. I got a C on my math test. Heh. Oh well. It just surprised me more than anything I suppose. I havent gotten a C in math in ages.   I picked coed gymnastics for P.E. Exciting, eh? French, I found out I have a 96.99% so I think Im OK in there, and lunchblah. It was nice actually, but the mood was blah. Actually, blah is really a poor word to describe the mood. It was more, Were really mad at the world, solets vent! but, is there a word for that? I dont know. I think I need to start reading the dictionary before I go to sleep every night.   U.S. History was tedious as usual and Sat/Com was actually my relief of the day. Were in the Irony unit right now so its almost placating to know others are as annoyed with the world as I am.   Jazz starts tomorrow. I cant decide if Im looking forward to it or if its going to suck like last year. Last year was really a huge disappointment for me. I think Id rather be in Jazz Lab with Mr. Silder teaching than be in the higher band and learn nothing from Mr. Alstadt.   Then, Friday, because the football team won last Friday, we have a game that were actually playing at. Yay  Um, no. Not so much.  Im leaving for Michigan at like4:00 the next morning. Ahhh, Im going to be so tired at the end of this weekend.  The only thing Im really looking forward to this week is late arrival sadly. I know its terrible but its the truth.  And, Brett just actually said something that made this all seem a little better, but then I realized how pathetic it is that this is what made me feel better. He asked me, Are you alright?  Not many people truly ask me that. Actually, no ones sincerely asked me that in a long time. Maybe my mother. If I didnt think itd freak him out, I probably would have just started to tell him everything thats going on. What Im thinking and such.  You knowthe amazing part of this all is Im not PMSing. Heh. I was just thinking to myself, Why the heck are you in such a bad mood? And I though PMS instinctively, but I realized thats not it so Im sure theres something else. Usually theres something I wont admit to myself. Something I dont realize for a while or at least let myself realize  But reallyIve been typing for too long and I need to sleep.Wow, I'm so happy Monday is over. I can tell this week's going to be long though. Reallllly long. Plus, I'm in gymnastics for gym now, so I actually have to change for P.E. That BITES. AND, marching band has to go to the game Friday even though we can't play our halftime show. I don't think I'm going since I have to leave for MI early the next morning.   Anyway, I guess I'm going out with my family for a bit then to the marching band awards thing. I am SUCH a loser. I make myself sick.YaY! I talked to Bryan on the phone for a while. I still feel really awful about chris, but it really wasn't my fault. I mean, I didn't know his parents read his email, so...yeah.   Talking to Bryan definitely put me in a better mood though. :) I think I somehow like him more everytime i talk to him. I mean...I like him...a...hmm, I'm trying to think of a phrase that doesn't have a swear in it..a heck of a lot, so..it's hard to believe I can like him more every time I talk to him. Not that I'm objecting or anything... :) I just hope he still likes me as much. I'm so paranoid. Heh.  I think I'm going to go sleep now or something.Ugh, I feel so dumb. I got Chris in trouble COMPLETELY unintentionally. I wrote him an email with some stuff in it, and I guess his parents read it. ARGH. I'm just so mad at myself.   And I realllly want to talk to Bryan and can't because he was at a game earlier, and I just tried calling him, and his dad said he'd call me back, and blah. This bites. Plus, I still have to do laundry and homework.  I wish today were Saturday and tomorrow were Sunday. It'd give me so much more time to do things.   Argh, I just feel awful about chris though. I really do. I'm such an idiot. Why am I such an idiot? I think I'm just going to go now and bury myself in history homework. Yeah...that's how upset I am, I'm going to actually do homework.   What a crappy way to end my day.  :(OK, yeah...DEFINITELY AM STILL UP AN HOUR LATER THAN i SHOULD BE!!! And worst of all...I'm sitting here writing in my blogspot!!! AHHHHHHHHH, BLOGGER DIE!!!! Not really. I love you blogspot. OK, so...I'm going to write about Chris again because he's just THAT cool. Actually..that's all I've got to say about Chris is that he's cool and he makes my days better and....he shouldn't worry because he's a really nice kid and he apologized and all was forgiven and...yes. I made up a song about him too but....yeah, sadly....this is writing and I can't sing it, not that I would in front of anyone since I can't sing. Anyway, I'm going to bed now...really...I'm thinking of possibly taking this link off of my profile. Since I've started writing more it's been kind of nice. Plus, everyone has access to it when it's on my profile, so it's like anyone can read what I say. I'm not really sure i like that. I think I can put this thing on privacy and then people just can't get into it without a password. I guess I could try that, but I'm not sure yet. I'm sort of deciding. I'm ambivalent. YaY sat/com buzz words.Well, I'm not AS upset as I was, but...I don't know, it still kind of bothers me. I probably should have told him it bothered me, but it wouldn't have helped any anyway, so...why bother?  I'm so excited tomorrow's Friday. I have nothing planned all weekend. ALLLL WEEKEND!!! This is beyond exciting. This is my first completely free weekend to myself since marching started, so...basically since summer. What shall I do with it?? Heaven only knows, but whatever it is, it wont require a lot of energy and work. It'll probably be sleeping quite a bit.   I actually practiced today too. At my own free will. I actually brought my instrument home, warmed up, and practiced. It was surprising; Now, if only I could get myself to do that every day, I might actually get good at trumpet. I really need to learn to read music correctly. That miiiight help.   I think for next week, I need to find a focus like Peter...except, he didn't really find a focus yet but it's ok. I'm taking his idea anyway. It's a good one. Maybe it'll help me not notice the bad so much. I'll be more optimistic. Maybe that should be my focus. I don't know. I don't have to figure it out until Sunday night anyway.   I think I'll try to get offline by 9:30. That seems realistic, right? I can do it. I'll just say bye realllly fast to people so they don't have a chance to say anything that reminds me of something or...whatever. I'll just say bye fast. It'll work...really...Today was an ok day I guess. I got my report card and that's all good so I'm happy.   I don't know. Something kind of got to me today. During lunch, I was throwing stuff out for Brandon. There was a whole bunch of shredded paper in his locker, and I was kicking the trash can back to it's place, and it was really loud and Chris and Brandon told me to stop kicking it because there were lessons going on. I did, but I was trying to see if I could kick it quietly first, and I guess they took that as, "oh, she didn't hear," and Chris I guess said, "oh, she's blind AND deaf." I don't know. I just got REALLY REALLY mad at him after that. Seriously, Chris of all people. He knows how much I absolutely detest people who do that to me. It's not like I can help not being able to see perfectly. It's not like it was my choice. I didn't say, "Hey God, I want to have really poor vision that can't be corrected...please!!"  I mean, I don't think I'm really upset with him anymore just...I don't know. It made me really dissapointed that he'd do that to me.   But yeah, other than that I guess my day was ok. That just kind of ruined it sort of. I know it's bad to let one thing someone said get to you THAT much, but I guess it's just because it came from someone I wouldn't have expected to say that.   Ugh, I am still annoyed about it now that I'm writing about it. I probably shouldn't have written about it. Oh well.   I think jazz this year may actually be ok. We're actually going to have sectionals too, every Thursday so hopefully that will make us better.   I guess I should go read more of Gatsby now. It's surprisingly a pretty good book.Well, dinner was a lot of fun. Good too. So, it was just a nice evening. Fun times, good food. I think I'm going to bed now though because I am SO SO SOOOO tired.Today's been a nice day off so far. I slept in a bit and had my driving lesson which actually went surprisingly well. At least I didn't hit anything. Not hitting things is GOOD. After that, I went over to Bryan's for a while. That was a lot more fun than my driving lesson. And now...I get to go downtown Chiacgo (Is there any other downtown?) and go out to dinner with my brother and mommy. YaY! I hope it's fun. We're going to some Italian place. Yum. I LOVE italian food. It makes me happy. Plus, I haven't eaten all day. So, even better...  Maybe 'I'll write more later. Maybe not though. I'm not sure I'm going to go online tonight. I don't think I will just so I can get a sort of decent night of sleep. It feels so weird to have to go back to school tomorrow. Tomorrow's definitely not going to feel like a Wednesday.  Hmmm, I still have to read Gatsby...I just realized things are changing a lot faster than I want them to. A LOT faster, but I don't really think there's anything I can do about it. I mean, I guess there's some stuff I'm happy about. Some stuff I'm glad has changed but still...there's so much I don't want to change.   I can tell, although this year wont be as crappy as I thought, that after it's over, everything will change. At least most of the relationships I have with people. I guess not all will change but...eh. I don't know. It'll just kind of suck.   I've seriously been weighing the pros and cons of doing marching. I mean, I will be a senior, and...I guess I could try for music section leader although I really am not sure I'll get it, and of course there's Disney which would be a ton of fun, but really...I'm not sure how much I like marching really. I don't want to go to camp again, that's for sure. I mean, it probably didn't help that I was in a cabin with people I didn't really know well at all but...eh, it was just kind of annoying.   I'll end up doing it. I know I will, but still...it's, ugh. I don't want to think about it now.   So, today I learned something pretty interesting. A humorous little anecdote for you all. I think humorous anecdote is sort of redundant, but that's ok because by using redudancy, I can make my point even clearer. I learned how to say, "It is a poster," in French today. It's, "C'est une affiche." It's pronounced like, "say tuna fish." I just thought it was really funny and I started cracking up. Yeah...I'm pretty sure my odd sense of humor is not appreciated by my French class but I think my French teacher was happy she made at least one person laugh.   OK, I'm going to go talk to people now or something.I just realized things are changing a lot faster then I want them to. A LOT faster, but I don't really think there's anything I can do about it. I mean, I guess there's some stuff I'm happy about. Some stuff I'm glad has changed but still...there's so much I don't want to change.   I can tell, although this year wont be as crappy as I thought, that after it's over, everything will change. At least most of the relationships I have with people. I guess not all will change but...eh. I don't know. It'll just kind of suck.   I've seriously been weighing the pros and cons of doing marching. I mean, I will be a senior, and...I guess I could try for music section leader although I really am not sure I'll get it, and of course there's Disney which would be a ton of fun, but really...I'm not sure how much I like marching really. I don't want to go to camp again, that's for sure. I mean, it probably didn't help that I was in a cabin with people I didn't really know well at all but...eh, it was just kind of annoying.   I'll end up doing it. I know I will, but still...it's, ugh. I don't want to think about it now.   So, today I learned something pretty interesting. A humorous little anecdote for you all. I think humorous anecdote is sort of redundant, but that's ok because by using redudancy, I can make my point even clearer. I learned how to say, "It is a poster," in French today. It's, "C'est une affiche." It's pronounced like, "say tuna fish." I just thought it was really funny and I started cracking up. Yeah...I'm pretty sure my odd sense of humor is not appreciated by my French class but I think my French teacher was happy she made at least one person laugh.   OK, I'm going to go talk to people now or something.So, I had a nice evening. I was supposed to go bowling with Brandon, Peter, Allyce, and Dave but...yeah. We got there, and we were waiting for Dave in the parking lot and we were like, "Oh, is that Dave?" "No, that's just some old guy." This happened like three times, so finally Peter says something along the lines of, "there's a lot of old people, is there league bowling?" So, finally when Dave gets there we go in and check, and yes...there definitely is league bowling until 9:30, and it was only like, 7:30 so we decided to just go see a movie. We ended up seeing Scary Movie 3. It actually wasn't bad. Pretty funny. I guess it probably would have sucked had I not seen The Ring and Signs but since I had, it was good.   And really, that was my evening. Not too eventful, but still good. :)  Tomorrow...hm hm hm, what am I doing tomorrow? I have a driving lesson at 11:00, then I think I'm going out with Bryan for a while, then I think I'm going downtown to visit my brother/go out to dinner down there. I'm excited for that. I LOVE going to dinner downtown. I feel so...I don't know. It's just fun.   Anyway, I'm not even going to say I'm going to bed because I know I'm not. I know I'll stay up for like...four more hours. Most likely talking to people online. Every time I try to leave, someone new comes on and IM's me, or someone I really want to talk to comes on...  Ahhh! Oh well. I'll TRY to get a decent night of sleep.I think I'm going to go to sleep really soon. I'm pretty tired even though I slept the whole way home in the car. This weekend went by WAY too fast. :(I'm home! YaY! I mean, I'm happy to be home only because I don't want to be in the car anymore. It's funny. I spent half the time in the car that I actually spent in Michigan.   It was a lot of fun though. I didn't get to see Sara though, or watch Finding Nemo with Lauren. That sucked, but other than that it was cool. Lauren, Max, and I hung out last night which was...a lot of fun. Heh heh. Well, I guess parts of it weren't fun, but we all got a chance to talk and it was really nice.  Anyway, I'm reallllly tired and I still need to call Chris and probably Bryan to explain stuff haha.  I was just talking to Emily about Bryan and I, and she's like, "sounds like things are going well with you and Bryan," and I was going to say, "yeah, definitely," and then I realized...well, things are going well on MY end, but I don't know if he's happy about stuff, so I told Emily that and she reassured me. Why am I so paranoid? Oh well.  Alright, I think I'll go...I don't know, do something productive.Wow, today was amazing. So much fun. We basically just walked around all day, went around to the piazza Navona and my parents went off somewhere and I just sat at one of the fountains for a bit writing in my journal. Then, this kid came up to me. He was so nice and it was so funny. He like...couldn't speak English that well, but well enough. MUCH better than I can speak Italian haha. So, I talked to him for a bit (and then his friend who came up after about five minutes) and then I left them and went with my parents and we just walked up and down the streets looking at all the shops. Then my mom and I split up from my dad and we went shopping. AH! So much fun. And, the Via Veneto, and the Via Corso are amazing. There are so many people and so many shops and it just...rocks. Haha. My mom and I umm...definitely didn't get lost on the way home. We just took sort of...an alternate root. Heh. Whooops. Oh well. We finally found our way back to the apartment, and now I'm like...exhausted so I think I'll go sleep now. We're waking up at like 6:30 to go to the market which should at least be interesting. :) Then, we're going to the forrum and the Colosseum tomorrow then maybe to buy the dress I realllly want tomorrow. I think it's what I'm going to wear to Winter. YaY! Well, I'm off to sleep. That's so weird loooking down at the bottom of the computer where it says it's 2:25 and here it's 9:25. Crazy stuff. Ah well, good night.YaY!!! I'm actually here. Finally...heh. It was a really long flight. I ended up being in coach and my parents were in business class, so I ended up having to sit next to a stranger. Oh my gosh. It wasn't cool. I had the window seat, and obviously she had the aisle. Well, I drank a bunch of water before I left and I have like...the world's smallest bladder so I kept having to get up. But that's not even the bad thing. The bad thing was this lady was like...90 and could barely walk or stand up so I felt reallllly guilty for having to make her get up. Why didn't I just switch seats with her you ask? Well, I tried. I was like, "Would it be easier if we just switched seats?" only to find out that...she doesn't speak a word of English. UGH. It was not cool, not cool AT ALL. I also didn't sleep for the whole eight and a half hours, but it's ok because I'm here now and it's awesome.  We have this apartment here and it's really neat. It has two bedrooms and a kitchen with a microwave, dishwasher, and refrigerator. That's pretty handy. It's also got a TV with like 60 channels. So, we turned on the TV thinking we could find CNN. I mean...you would think...but no, no CNN., So, we look through all the channels hoping to find at least one English channel. Lo and behold, we find one...heh, MTV. Seriously, MTV with Italian captioning. Ugh. No CNN but MTV....it just made me laugh for like, ten minutes straight. I suggested to my dad that maybe we can turn on English captioning and watch one of the Italian news channels so he's trying to fix that right now.   Seriously, I just love it here. I could live here. I'm just kind of online winding down before I go to sleep since we just got home from the pantheon which is BEAUTIFUL at night, and dinner was SO good. I guess I should go sleep now though. Big day tomorrow. Ah, I love it here. :)YaY!!! The limo is coming in like...15 minutes or so. I feel like I've packed everything and I don't think I've forgotten anything which of course means...I definitely forgot something. It was sad saying bye to everyone. I'm glad I got to see Chris and Bryan right before I left though. Annnyywwayyyy...I guess I should go downstairs and wait now. Blah. Whoo, three hours at the airport, 8 hour flight....ah well. It'll be worth it.I'm finally all pakced! YaY!!!! I'm really really excited. I just...want to get there. The traveling part might suck. I thought it was so cool the first time I went on an international flight and now I'm just like...meh...sleep time. Actually...it is sleep time. This may be the last time I write in here before I go... :( That's sad. I'm going to miss writing in here. I think I'm bring a notebook to actually write in. Like... a real diary. Amazing, huh? Anyway, I'm off to sleep...Ugh. I'm a crappy girlfriend. Crappy, crappy, crappy girlfriend. I knew he wondered about that. I knew he would when it happened but I can't possibly explain. It's not tthat I don't want to, just...I can't, and I'm a crappy girlfriend for not explaining it to him, which I STILL can't even do even though I know I should. Ugh. Now I'm pissed at myself. It's honestly not even that big of a deal. If I know him and...I really hope I do know him pretty well, he wouldn't stay mad or angry about this kind of thing. He's not like that, but he probably did wonder and...I didn't even explain. ARGH. Now I'm royally pissed at myself.   I'm going to go make mac and cheese. Maybe that will make me happy..Hehe, I'm having a funny conversation with Katie right now.  Lokiluna13: No, I'm totally not kidding. I'm definitely having make-out withdrawal and what's worse is I'm leaving for ten days, so there's ten MORE days. ARGH. NLovewithNSync06: haha im such a nymphomaniac NLovewithNSync06: ur* NLovewithNSync06: DAMNIT!  Katie makes me laugh. She's a funny funny kid. But yeah, today was ok I guess. Really, the only fun thing I did was go out to lunch. I think I did well on my test on Gatsby though so...that's nice.   It doesn't seem like I'm leaving tomorrow. I mean, I am going to school for the first half of the day, so it'll especially just seem like a regular day. I don't think until I'm on the plane and stuff that it will really hit me. I'm going to miss my friends more than I was thinking actually. It's going to be weird not to talk to them but I guess it's ok. Thr only real problem is what I said above. No...no, not really....except...yeah. I think Katie's right...wellll, she would have been had she typed it correctly the first time :-P  Haha, and I bet none of that made sense. But it's ok because I'm not really sure I want it to make sense to anyone....  OK, I really need to go finish laundry/packing.YaY! Katie called. I love Katie. She's the coolest girl. Plus, her name is Katie. I mean, it's spelled the weird way, but it's still cool!Blah. Bryan wasn't home. :( I'm sad now. I have no one to talk to. I guess I COULD do homework...  Nah...I'm feeling SO SO SO SO SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO much better. YaY! And...only two days until I leave. Only one more full day of school this week. :) I actually may not go to jazz tomorrow. I've got way way way too much to do before Thursday. I have to be all packed before I go to school Thursday since I'm going for half the day, then I'm going home and I have to be pretty much ready.   We have to leave for the airport kind of early since it's an international flight but it's ok. Now that my mom travels so much for business, she's part of the Admiral's Club and they have internet access and such. Whoo. Maybe I'll write in here while I'm waiting for my plane.   Anyway, today was pretty good. Wind Ensemble...hmm...We just played Kavorkna fanfare which is pretty cool except...I can't double tongue so I guess it's not really cool. We also got the Night Before Christmas which I'm really excited about! We recorded it for the narrator to practice with too except...the recording SUCKS haha. I was so surprised when he's like, "ok, we're recording now." Yeah...that was interesting. Tomorrow, I guess some guy is coming in to conduct us. Ummm...YaY?  Math was ok. We had a quiz. I didn't really know what I was doing but that's ok. I never know what I'm doing in that class and somehow I've managed to keep an A.   Gym was ok. We finished up doing the floor stuff today. I'm scared to do the apparatus stuff. I'll probably kill myself on the bars and I'm just too scared to even try going on the balance beam.   French was ok. (I guess everything was, "ok" today.) Pretty boring. It's so incredibly facile. Lunch...eh. I just typed my thing for Satire and Comedy that she gave me an extra day on because I honestly forgot all about it this weekend with everything that happened. She's so funny. I love her.  History was uninteresting as usual and Satire and Comedy was pretty fun. I love that class actually. I love my class and Ms. Gatto's so nice. We go off on so many tangents too. Ah, fun fun times.   And jazz wasn't bad at all. The only thing we worked on was Jalapeno Dreams which, i actually like so...it was fun. Tom's even been tolerable lately.   Someone's really getting to me though. Like...REALLY getting to me. Like..."Good God, please shut up. your interminable cynicism is old." I'm not puting her name on here seeing as people actually do read this thing. (I'm really not sure WHY but that's a whole different topic.) She just has to be so cantankerous and for lack of a better word (aka, I didn't want to think of a word that I didn't make up) complaintive. I think complaintive ought to be a word. I'd use it if it were a word. Then again, I use it when it's not a word so I suppose it doesn't matter either way. But yes...I know I'm being, "complaintive," right now but she's complaintive about everything. "The floor is sticky." "I don't want to stand" "Why are you reading instead of talking to me??"   Ughhh, why do you think?!?! You're a bright child. You figure it out.   OK, I'm done with my, "incessant ranting" for the evening. OK, maybe not but at least on that topic I am. I may come back to that in the future though.   I finished Gatsby. He was murdered. Shock shock. You can't imagine the look of dismay upon my face right now or the joy I get out of being sarcastic online when no one understands...  Hehe. "Baby Got Back" just randomly started playing from my music list. Kind of funny. It's really sad I know all these words...  "...yeah baby. when it comes to females. Cosmo ain't got nothin' to do with my selection..."  OK, maybe I'll go call Bryan since he NEVER calls me. Haha. Really...it doesn't bother me at all. My own boyfriend...never calls. It's ok...really. It's just fine. Haha, actually...I really don't mind. I just want to make him feel bad.  I'm in a really good mood right now. Plus...I have food. Yum. J'aime Manger!OK, I'm finally off to sleep. I talked with Chris on the phone for like, an hour and a half. Whooo. Fun stuff. But yeah...I'm tired. G'night world.Wow, delightful evening. Truly delightful!! I went to the book store as previously mentioned and I got me some new books for the trip Thursday. One of them, I've really been looking forward to. I've wanted to read it for so long but haven't gotten the chance...no, not chance...really, it was just a contingency, but yes...Les Mis! I'm really looking forward to reading it. I've only heard good things.   I also bought some books that are a bit less than par adjacent to what I normally read, but they still look very good. The first one is called,  The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants , and the second is,  The Second Summer of the Sisterhood . Wow, this won't let me underline. Oh well.   Oh! I also bought the new Janet Evanavich book. YaY! I love her books. They're so great. Not really great literature, but great books nonetheless. I hope she found a new editor though. Her last book had so many misprints. Even I noticed a few, and I...obviously am not omniscient on the matter.  I think I may go read the rest of Gatsby. I've already heard pretty much everything that happens. This is why I like to read books on my own. No one tells me what happens no matter how much I want to know. I loved this passage in the book today though...I think it's my favorite in the book so far and, probably will remain my choice passage...  "He knew that when he kissed this girl, and forever wed his unutterable visions to her perishable breath, his mind would never romp again like the mind of God. So he waited, listening for a moment longer to the tuning fork that had been struck upon a star. Then he kissed her. At his lips' touch she blossomed for him like a flower and the incarnation was complete.  Through all he said, even through his appalling sentimentality, I was reminded of something--an elusive rhythm, a fragment of lost words, that I had heard somewhere a long time ago.  For a moment a phrase tried to take shape in my mouth and my lips parted like a dumb man's, as though there was more struggling upon them than a wisp of startled air. But they made no sound and what I had almost remebered was uncommunicable forever."  Ah, I know I'm weird, but I still loved it!  I guess I'll go read more and at least find out HOW Gatsby dies.I just realized how much stuff I have to do before Thursday. Ahhh....I'm going to go crazy, especiailly since a lot of it is laundry and stuff like that. Blah. I don't like doing laundry. It's stinky. Heh...literally...  But, yeah...I don't think I'm going to get to do anything with Bryan before I go on Thursday or any of my friends for that matter. Ohhh well. Such is life.  I'm going to the bookstore in a few minutes. YaY!! I know I'm really weird but I love book stores. I just love new books actually. I could spend like...days in a book store and not get bored. Maybe hungry and tired but not bored. I think I'm going to try to be a good kid and study for my history test. Maybe I'll actually take notes this time. He says we can have two pages of notes for every test we take and yet....I never use notes. It's kind of funny how I got an A in there last quarter without using any notes and some people used two pages of notes for every test and got a D in the class. I'm not particularily fond of most of my History class anyway so...it's ok.    OK....off to dinner...yum...then the bookstore. YaY!I have absolutely nothing to write about...Man, I still feel sick. Whyyyy??? It's gone. I'm not supposed to feel bad anymore. Argh. Oh well. I want to go sleep but I really want to wait for Bryan to come online so I can talk to him. I haven't all weekend. Ugh...this weekend was not cool.This really stinks. I didn't get to do anything with Bryan this weekend, and I'm leaving for Italy on Thursday which I am SO excited about, but still. I wont have the chance to hang out with him for a few weeks. Maybe we can do something after school one day this week. But...unfortunately, I have jazz Tuesday and Wednesday.   Oh well, I'll try to think of something. I think I'm going to go try to sleep now. I'm still really tired, and I'm still not feeling that great.YaY! Chris called, so I went out with him for a bit. He wanted to go eat lunch so I went with him. The kidney stone is gone thankfully and now they can find out what it's from. It's really weird. It's like...so tiny and it caused me so much pain. Only like...9 mm. I'm still not feeling great yet, mostly because all the drugs in my system haven't warn off yet. I'm pretty dizzy and light headed, but I guess it's not bad.  I'm really glad Chris called though. It was nice to get out of the house and just hang out with him. We watched two, "that 70's Show"  episodes. It's a good show. Very funny.   I feel so weird right now though. Like...I'm not in control of myself. Ahhh, I don't like it...OK, so, I know this is the weirdest time to be writing at but..wow, what a weekend so far. And I don't mean this in a good way.So, Friday was a pretty good day and I was looking forward to my weekend...my WHOLE free weekemd, but noooo. During eighth hour my stomach started to hurt quite a bit and I got home and it started like...killing me, and I just lied down on my bed and sat and waited for my mom to get home. I couldn't even pick up the phone to call her. too much movement involved. So my mom and dad call me and I tell them what's going on, and it was then I realized it was another kidney stone. ARGHHHH. I actually had two last time, but only one dissolved, so....now I have to get the other one to. I went to the Emergency room yesterday because my doctor said I could get the X-ray and CAT scan results faster that way but I was at the actual hospital for like...6 hours. It was SO crowded. So, now I'm up just waiting for the new painkiller to kick in and make me extremely tired. I'm kind of scared though because if it doesn't dissolve by itself, I'll have to go back to the hospital and have an IV and such. Yikes...  And really, other than the trip to the hospital, and me sleeping, I haven't done anything. I haven't eaten in 48 hours though so...I think I might go try to eat something now.I can't believe tomorrow's my last day here. It's so weird. I'm going to be so jet lagged by the time I get home. My flight leaves at about 11:10 on Sunday morning Italian time, but then, I get home at 2:00 in Illinois, which is already 9:00 here. Plus, that's just when my flight gets in. I have to go through customs and get my luggage and get home and all that stuff too. I'm definitely not looking forward to that. I'm definitely going to miss it here, and this appartment. I really like it...well, except for the hard mattress on my bed. Oh my gosh, seriously...it's like a floor...oh well, it's ok. It'll just be nice to get into my own bed. Plus, I'm excited to see my friends and stuff. I took care of some Christmas preasants while I was here too, AND I found a hoodie. They're not big hoodie people over here but I managed to get one. I still need to get Bryans when I get home. Haha, I owe it to him for his birthday which was definitely two months ago. Ah well. All is good.   Today was a really fun day. I did stuff I did here last time, but it was still fun. I really wanted to do the Castle St. Angelo again and I got to. At night too, which made it even cooler. A little creepy...but still cool.   Yesterday and the day before that were fun. I went to the forrum, and the Vatican museum and shopped and all that good stuff. There was this really funny lady with a southern accent at the forrum who was coming from the bathrooms and she's like, "good luck gettin' in there. I think someone died in there." So yeah...I definitely decided to just hold it for a while.   Then, last night at dinner, we were eating outside since it was beautiful out and this crazy lady comes down the street yelling stuff in Italian. (Well, I guess the italian part makes sense seeing as I am in Italy.) So, we just kind of figured it was some crazy homeless person because, I mean, it's not like Naperville here. It's definitely the city. So, we look at her and realize she's wearing a fur coat. Haha, as Stephen put it, I guess she was a, "disgruntled rich person." I guess she wasn't a real nuissance though because the cop that was there just laughed at her.   I've read a lot more here than I expected too. I'm on my fifth book since I've left and all the books I've read up to now have been at least 300 pages a piece. Of course, the one trip I don't bring enough books for. I usually bring too many books on vacation. I guess I should go sleep now seeing as I want to get up really early tomorrow since it's my last day. :( I'm definitely going to miss it here...I've figured out two things.  1. A lot of times, you only miss what you're afraid of losing, or..I do, and  2. You don't always have to think things through and question. Sometimes, when you know the right thing in your heart...you just have to go with it. It's kind of interesting how I was forced to learn this one, not because of me, but because of someone else. I know this will be useful at sometime, and of course, knowing me, I wont see it then but I'm hoping that maybe some minute part of my brain will hold this in...Wow, I never knew there were albino gorillas. I mean, I suppose it makes sense. There are albinos of every animals but...I guess I just hadn't thought about it. John sent me this article. I guess the world's only albino gorilla died. Hm....interesting...There are only two things about being here I don't like. A. My brother isn't here. :( I miss havinbg him on vacations with us and B. I missed getting to tell kelly happy birthday. Well, there are a few other downsides but...this is too awesomke to be unhappy. :)Today was really cool. We went to St. Peter's and even went into the necropolis and saw where St. Peter is supposedly buried. It was really neat, b ut realllly hard to breathe down there, especially since I have a cold.   It was funny. We went to a pharmacy...or, farmacia...heh, not much different, and I wanted to get some cold medicine and...it just took a while since the lady definitely didn't speak very much Enlgish. Plus...I wanted the non-drowzy stuff so that I can take it in the morning before I go...so, my mom was trying to communicate to her and...it was just really funny. I'm like..."mom, you're talking to someone who can't speak English very well, not a baby..."  It did rain today unofrtunately but...hopefully that'll be it. Alright...I guess I'm going to go sleep now o0r something of the sort. I have to wake up realllly early tomorrow.Well, today was another really fun day. We didn't do what we expected to do because a lot of places were closed seeing as it is a Sunday. We went to this really cool church...one of 917 churches in Rome. Ah, so many, but yeah, it had some beautiful art.   It was really funny at dinner. They had music playing in the restaurant and all of a sudden in the midst of all these Italian songs, Stairway to Heaven started to play. I just thought it was really funny.   I'm pretty tired but I don't think I want to go to sleep yet. I think I may go take a walk or something. There's so many people out this late. It's awesome.I think something's seriously wrong with me. I'm like...incapable of showing emotion. It is the WERIDEST thing. Well, not showing emotion, but feeling it. It's so odd. It's actually kind of creeping me out.Wow, I haven't written too much lately. I've been pretty busy though. I get my house to myself tonight. :) I LOVE having my house to myself. I can listen to my music as loud as I want and talk to myself as loud as I want. I mean, I talk to myself anyway. I think my family has just gotten accustomed to it but usually I just ramble/mutter.   This week has been really good. I have hope for a certain...hmmm, a certain thing. Not a ton of hope, but definitely some. Tomorrow's already Friday too. That's amazingly amazing. I'm going to Brett's tomorrow for his party. That should be interesting/fun, and then the rest of my weekend, I am free. Well, except for my driving lesson Saturday during the day, but I rarely do stuff with other people during the day.  Today, I sort of sprained my ankle in gym. It hurt a lot, but it's ok. I'm sure it'll be better by tomorrow. I sort of landed sideways on it when I was coming down from a tuck jump. Owwie. And then everyone laughed because I landed sideways and then they realized I was actually hurt. Haha, I bet it looked pretty funny though. And then, you know when you hurt yourself and it really hurts badly for a minute or two and you just want to sit there in pain by yourself and have people not crowd around you. Yeah, well...that didn't happen. It was ok though. I mean, it's good people worry.   Ms. Gatto being the awesomely awesome teacher she is, gave me an extension on my paper. She just asked if I wanted it. She asked if I could write a better paper if I had longer and yeah...voila.   I'm liking jazz a lot more this year. Tom grew up a lot in the past summer. I mean, sure...sometimes he's immature but, he's definitely so much better now. I actually get along with him pretty well. I also like playing third part SO much more than second it's amazing. I'm just in a really good mood right now. I guess, my hope will probably come crashing down but...it's nice to be able to hope for it right now. I want to know, but I'm too afraid to ask. OK, I'm going to stop rambling about that now because...if I don't stop, people will figure me out. I know Chris will probably figure this out haha. He usually does. It's scary. I need to talk to him actually...I think I shall call him soon.  I think things are cool with Bryan and me. It's not really the same as before we started going out. Maybe it never will be, but who knows? I think we broke up the best way anyone possibly could, so...I'm definitely thankful for that.   Alright, I guess I should go eat my dinner. Yum. I'm not actually sure what I'm going to have. Maybe Mac and cheese. That doesn't sound too bad, but that sort of takes effort. More effort than just making a sandwhich. Well, unless it was a very elaborate sandwich...  OK, I'm done. I'll probably write more later. Maybe...Do I want to do this Great Gatsby essay? Of course not. Mais non. :( I don't like this at all and I keep avoiding it. I know I have to do it...sometime. Maybe...My day was pretty good surprisingly. I'm too tired to write about it though. I'm going to sleep now. I just really wanted to write about one thing so I'd remember it. It toally made my day. Stephen and Matthew brought me bundt cake. Hehehe, YaY!!!I reallllly need to unpack and I definitely don't want to. I'm SO tired. It would be 2:45 in Italy right now, and I woke up at 7:00. I've been up a looong time, plus traveling. Blah blah blah. It's weird. I feel like I should feel really awful and...I just don't. I feel pretty good actually. I hope he's ok with everything going back to normal because that's all I want right now. It was a fun month but...man...crazyness.You know...it's amazing. I think I was more upset before we actually agreed on it. I really was. I'm glad I called him tonight, and we talked for a little bit after we decided so, it just proves that things can be ok with us. I really believe we can go back to being friends. Honestly, I don't feel a bit awkward. I feel better than I have in ten days. I just kind of wished this would have happened before I went to Italy but...it's ok.   It's actually...ok.Tomorrow is going to suck. I can feel it. The thing I was apprehensive about while I was in Italy...is most definitely going to happen. It's gonna hurt a Hell of a lot but...I'll get through it. I guess I really should be following what the quote on my page says though. "Never let the sun set on tomorrow before the sun rises today." I guess I should give it a chance but I just have this...gut feeling.Wow, there are people from the Philippines and from the United Kingdom who read this. That's...amazingly cool.Tonight was fun fun fun. It was nice to just be with the girls. I miss them a lot. With everything that goes on, I don't get to spend nearly as much time as I'd like with them. We did the whole cake and present thing and just kind of...sat around and played games/talked. Haha...passion fruit. YaY! This weekend has been so much fun. Plus...it's snowing and that's really cool. Hah...snow...cool...get it? OK...this is where I shut my mouth and go sleep. YaY sleep. Gotta love it.Wow, two hours straight of driving. BLAH. I did ok though. I did a 3 point turn on my first try. That was pretty cool. I didn't think I'd be able to do it. I backed around a corner too, which I guess they make you do on the test. How dumb is that?? Seriously. When will I EVER need to back around a corner? Oh well. Today's going to be a good day. I think I'm just going to lie around my house, then Kathryn's tonight. That should be fun. This is turning out to be a very good weekend.Whoo, tonight was really really fun. I mean, I didn't do anything THAT special but it was still excellent. Brandon definitely didn't call me and invite me haha, and I was talking to Peter, and he's like yeah..."Brandon just called and told me to come over." So, I was like...aww...fine, don't invite me. And like...at that moment, my doorbell rang and Katharine and Alex were there to pick me up. It was crazy. But yeah, we went to Brandon's for a while and chilled. We watched a little bit of Office Space. Hilarious movie.  Then, I lost horribly at Tony Hawk to Peter. My favorite was Katharine. "Catie, I think the trick is....stop falling." Haha.   Then we just went bowling. We went to the Tivoli, but yeah...definitely no open bowl. That was dissapointing but we went to lisle lanes after that and whooo, I suck at bowling. Good times, good times. I have a driving lesson at 7:00 tomorrow morning though. Arghhhh. :( So SO early. So, I guess I should go and sleep or something productive like that.   I can't type at ALL tonight. It's annoying.Hmmm, maybe I'm not going bowling tonight. Oh well. Either way I'll have a fun night. :) YaY Friday.YAY!!! I have blogger back. :) YaY!!! I'm so happy. I missed it. I still have this stupid virus thing on my computer. I think I'm going to have my brother fix it when he comes by this weekend. I get to see Maureen too!! She's so awesome and nice and...yeah...I like my brother's girlfriend more than him. Haha, not really but I like her a lot. She's fun to be around.   So, yeah, today was good. I was so so sooo happy it was Friday. I need the weekend. But anyway, I took my french quiz this morning. Really easy. YaY! I think I aced it.   Wind Ensemble was ok. Nothing too exciting happened. Mr. Silder's fiancee came. She's really nice. I mean, I guess I couldn't really expect less considering how nice Mr. Silder is. Math was good. I actually get what we're doing. We had a little mini quiz though. That kind of sucked. I didn't know what I was doing on part of it but I think it will be ok.   Gym was fun...as always. Bowling was cool. I actually didn't do as poorly as the other day. I got in the 80's...WOOOO. Haha. Wow, I suck. In the second game, I was winning. WINNING! The first and...only time that will ever happen against Peter and Brandon. Oh, oh! I got a strike today too! That was pretty neat. And at least one spare so...yeah. YaY for me. I'm going bowling again tonight with them. It shall be interesting. Maybe they can teach me how to bowl correctly. HA.   French...good...boring, the usual. Lunch was kind of dull. I had to retype my whole paper because of the stupid virus and...GRRRRRRRRRRR. I'm not going to start on the virus again but seriously...I'm about ready to castrate my computer. Yeah, anyway, 6th hour was good. Just did some homework. The stalker is sort of back though...that's no fun. He's really getting on my nerves.   History...hmmm...we watched possibly the scariest/weirdest/dumbest video I've ever seen. I just thought it was really really stupid. I felt like I could be doing better things with that time. It's like the Spice Girls movie. OK, THAT was the scariest/weirdest/dumbest movie I've ever seen. Haha...this is definitely reminding me of Lauren's and my conversation last night. Albino Spice...Slutty Spice...wooo.   And then, Satire and Comedy was ok. We talked about the Shawshank redemption. What an amazing movie. If you haven't seen it RENT IT! It's awesomely awesome.   And so yeah....that was just another exciting day at school. And by exciting...I mean...hmmm, I'm trying to think of a good adjective. There's so many. Oh well, Here...I'll make it a fill in the blank kind of thing. You can put whatever adjective you want in there. And by exciting, I mean _______. Wow, that was fun.  Emily drove me home today too, which was nice. I got to talk to her. She's really really cool. I don't get to talk to her all that often and she's a really easy person to talk to, so it was fun.   Ah, I guess I'll go off and...ha, do nothing. No homework for me. :) And the little bit I have, I don't have to do because of Evening With Humanities rehearsal 1st through 6th hour on Monday. Ohh yeah! I'm just sad I'll miss bowling.   I'm out like that poor fat kid in dodgeball. Actually...I'll make it so no one can yell at me for making fun of fat people. I'm out like the blind kid in dodgeball. Yeah....now no one can tell me I'm making fun of anyone but myself. :)OK, yeah...I'm mad. Stupid blogger. DIE BLOGGER! Maybe I'll write what I just wrote ALLLL over again later, but not now. I have a computer to defenestrate.I haven't been writing much at all later. I feel like a dissapointment. People keep asking me why I'm not writing. Ahhh, now I feel obligated to.   Really, the reason I haven't written much is probably because absolutely NOTHING is going on. Not much happened this past weekend. The only fun thing I did was go to Brett's. It was nice. I also got a chance to talk to his mom about OT, so, that's good. I've been wanting to do that for a while.   My house is so quiet right now. I have it allll to myself. It's nice! :)  Today was pretty good for a Monday. I actually somehow managed to get into bowling for gym. I've been realllly lucky with gym this semester. I somehow managed to get in social dance, and now bowling. This rocks. I'm going to suck so much at it, but it's ok. If the teacher decides to count team totals, I'll just make Brandon or Peter play for me. :)   I'm in a really weird happy mood right now. I don't know what it is...  Oh well, I think I'm going to go eat some dinner now or something. Fun times.   Oh, it was hilarious. Kelly drove me home from school today, and we go outside to her car and there's bird crap ALLLLL over it. Hahaha. I was like..."Kelly, some bird barraged your car!!!" I'm really not quite sure why it was so funny. It just was. Jamal rode home with Kelly, John, and me today too. That was cool. He's a really funny kid.  OK, I'm out like the fat kid in dodge ball. Poor fat kid...What an...interesting weekend...I am finished Christmas shopping. Like...completely done. I got stuff for my mom, dad, brother and Maureen even! :) I'm quite happy with myself. Usually I'm not done until like..the day before Christmas. Boo ya grandma. Haha, Mary Clare says that all the time. It seemed to fit in this context.   I think I'm going to go to sleep now since I have to be up early tomorrow for church, then to go play at Justin's church. Hopefully it'll be fun and hopefully I don't catastrophically mess up. YaY sleep!Rehearsal for tomorrow went ok. I just couldn't play very well this morning unfortunately. Oh well. Ir was so odd, when I got there...I saw Brittany Rizzo. Really weird. I haven't seen her in so long. I guess she's playing with us. Fun stuff.   I filled my gas tank today. It was the first time I've ever filled a gas tank haha. And then my hands smelled all icky and it was cold, and...it wasn't cool, but it's ok because Iit's really nice having a car.   I think I may just go lay around for a while now. Who knows? Maybe I'll do some reading. I have a looottt of time on my hands now! :) YAY BREAK!!!!!!!!!!Tonight was actually...much better than I expected. Fun stuff, really. We went to Olive Garden for dinner. Yum. Then, we drove around....sort of..umm, "drove by" the houses of the people we like...not that we're stalkers or anything. err...so yeah. That was pretty funny. Unfortunately, he wasn't home. Kelly's was home and Kathryn's wasn't, and MC just doesn't like anyone right now so yeah...no "driving by" anyone's house for her. We sort of almost got into an accident though. It was kind of scary. I just...am so reluctant to drive with teenagers. Oh well. We're all ok, so I'm just thankful for that.  Then we went back to Kel's house and opened presents and stuff. Kelly got me this awesome amazing bracelet with my intials on it. MC got us all these really neat socks. Mine have these ducks on them. They're seriously AWESOME. And Kathryn got me this hat that makes me feel ghetto. Oh yeah! Word. She also got me this hair clip that's really pretty. Soo, fun stuff really. Good times. Then we sat around and talked for a long time.   It always feels so reassuring to have them. I'm not sure why, but whenever I go out with them, I feel so reassured like...they'll always be there for me. They never let me down. There are tensions between people and arguments sometimes but in the end...we know we can go to each other if something's really wrong.   Tomorrow, I guess I'm going to go to Justin's church for rehearsal for Sunday. I'm playing at one of their services. It should be a rockin' good time....  I think I'm actually going to go to sleep. I'm so tired I can't think straight right now. I definitely just went downstairs to get the scissors out of the drawer down there and I definitely tried to put them away in the refrigerator...whoops.WINTER BREAK!!!!!!!!!!! WHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! I'm so excited.  Tonight should be fun I hope. :) The Oliver Garden will be tasty at least.Wheee. Presents. I got presents for people. How fun is that? Weeeee! OK, not really THAT fun but still fun, and I got through it. I was amazed. It went by pretty fast. I got Joanne's and Kelly's and Kathryn's and MC's...amazingly fun good times. So, yeah...I really need to do my homework but I'm sort of complaining again. Except to Peter this time. He's gotten to be a really good friend. I guess some things have changed for the better over the last month. ..  Who knows?  Time to go wrap presents and do homework.googlToday was at least a little better than yesterday. I did better on the PSAT's than expected, so that was nice. We didn't get to go bowling though. :( That sorta sucked but...oh well. Such is life.   Tomorrow's dress up day. I think I'm wearing pajama pants and a hoodie. Heh heh. YaY! Tomorrow's the last day before break. YAY!!! I'm going out with Kelly, Kathryn, and Mary Clare for our traditional holiday get together/exchange gifts thingy. We're going to dinner then going to Kelly's to watch Christmas movies and just...have fun. At least...I hope it's fun. I have a feeling I'm going to say the wrong thing to Kathryn though. Things are already sort of...tense between us. Ah well. We shall see, we shall see. I need to get a bunch of gifts together tonight. OK, just a few. I only bought gifts for the people who I knew for sure were buying me gifts. I just don't like this whole...getting gifts for people thing. Nobody has enough money themselves to buy anything really nice for someone anyway. Why not spend the money on themselves? I don't know. I guess it sounds sort of mean but...I can't help but think it.   I'm so hungry. Oh my gosh. I had the best fudge after school that Peter gave me. It was amazing. And Kelly gave me a leftover brownie she had from FMP. That was amazing too. Mmm, chocolate. I love people who give me chocolate. Hint hint...wink wink...nudge nudge...cough BRING ME CHOCOLATE cough.  Anyway, I guess I'm going to go do some homework or something. Heh...probably not, but..maybe. I'll at least consider it.I'm just so happy today is over.Yeah, so...wow. I'm a bit stressed out right now. A little less then when I was at school though. At least now I'm at home. I'm home alone too. that's always nice when you're stressed out. I have so much stuff I have to make up for school. I'm never going to get caught up. Plus, a lot of people are stressing me out. I'm kind of glad break is coming. But, then I feel like I wont do anything all of break, and I wont get to hang out with people I want to.   Last night actually went really smoothly. I was surprised, but I was so tired by the time I got home. My mom let me go in after first hour since we weren't playing in Wind Ensemble anyway. It was nice to be able to sleep in, but once I got to school the stress just started all over again.   Bowling was like...the only fun part of my day. Actually, bowling and lunch. But, I sucked in my first game of bowling today. Wow...I just...wow. I don't want to talk about my 55. Haha. The second game I got a 103 though. That's three days in a row with a score above a 100. YEAH! Who's the bowling queen?   Erica gave me the greatest present today. Wow. It's amazing. It's this duck on wheels with a pull string, and these three push buttons that are different colors and have different letters on them, and it plays thirty different songs. It's SO amazing. Erica's like...my hero. Whooo!   So, sixth hour was fun. I was playing with that. :)  OK, I'm finally getting to finish this. I just got home from my trumpet lesson. YaY? I just sort of realized something too. I tend to tell all of my stressful problems to Stephen, and I don't even realize I'm doing it until halfway through the conversation, and then I feel really bad. It's terrible. I feel so dumb too. This is why I don't usually complain to people. I feel stupid when I complain. This is why I sort of complain in here, but like tonight...I culdn't have complained about what I needed to talk about in here. Oh well. I give up. I'm just making myself more angry. I think I'll go read some of The Taming of the Shrew.So...definitely some interesting conversations, and all off of my rant about the game of LIFE.  Lokiluna13: the game of life sucks. Seriously. All those stupid little character in those ugly station waggon things Lokiluna13: and, what if I don't want a fuckin pink girl? Lokiluna13: What if I want a blue girl. Lokiluna13: ?  I guess this is the response I got...since Lauren put it in her profile. Haha, Conor's a crazy kid.   ConMan1303: i think a blue boy would be too masculine ConMan1303: sorry blue girl ConMan1303: and then grow up to be a dyke ConMan1303: and date anne heche ConMan1303: until anne heche decides she's not a lesbian ConMan1303: in which your dyke daughter will come crawling back to you ConMan1303: and she'll have had such a high profile life ConMan1303: that all your friends and neighbors would know you raise dykes ConMan1303: and they would slowly stop talking to you ConMan1303: until you were cut off from the world altogether ConMan1303: in which case ConMan1303: you would take your station wagon ConMan1303: and drive it off a cliff to end your miserable blue life ConMan1303: that could have been pink  The things people say....Today was fun. No classes and whatnot...well, except gym. Oh my gosh, oh my gosh, OH MY GOSH...I...Catie Norkus...got over 100 in bowling. How amazing is that??? I've gotten a 99 before. That was when I was bowling with my parents and I had a 99 right before entering the last frame, and my dad was teasing me like, "don't mess up, don't mess up!" and then I got two gutter balls. Grrr, I was so mad. But then today, I go into the 10th with a 98. The first ball, I hit ONE pin. One stinkin' pin. I was like...oh no, there's no WAY I'm getting a 99 again. And then I hit pins, and ended up with a 105. That's good for me! So, yay! Exciting times in bowling.   Evening With Humanities rehearsal was really good. Pretty fun actually. Tomorrow's going to be a realllly long day though. Oh well, hopefully it'll at least be fun.Wow, I love Sundays when you have no homework and nothing to do really. Actually, I do have to clean my room, but...that's ok. It's a lot lot lootttt better than homework. All the snow has pretty much melted unfortunately, but it's ok. I'm just in a really really good mood today. This has been my first great weekend in a long time.Maybe it's just late and when it gets late my emotions tend to intensify, but sometimes it amazes me how immature and selfish people can be. I love high school and my friends and my life, but sometimes people really get to me. I wish people could at least act their pants size. Ugh.  I'm talking to Pat right now though. :) He's such a fun kid to talk to. Too bad I almost never go to MI.   Anyway, I think I'm going to stop writing in here before I end up writing something I regret about my friends who I'm not too happy with right now.So....  What to do, what to do..  Now that the two big days of break are over. Welll, I suppose New Years Eve has potential, but I'll probably just end up staying home reading or something. I'd almost guarantee it. Anyway...now that they're over, there's not a whole lot to do. Chris is seeing LOTR. I think I'm actually going to see that this weekend at the IMAX. That should be fun. Good times. I don't know. The problem is, I don't have my lisence yet, so I can't very well invite myself to do something.   Haha, yay for finishing this a day after i wrote it. Whoops. I don't think I'm going to bother finishing it actually. I've lost my train of thought from yesterday and I just don't really feel like finishing it to be honest. Hmmm, I wonder if it shows that I posted this now, instead of yesterday...Wow, this Christmas was amazing. My parents felt EXTREMELY generous this year. So, the presents rock, and Maureen brought me some seriously amazing stuff from Australia. It's just nice having my brother and Maureen here too. It's been a great Christmas in so many aspects. The only downside...it's been tough without my grandma, but...I know she would have wanted me to really enjoy Christmas, and I definitely have. :)Dinner was delicious, as I expected it to be. Now my mom....errr, "Santa" is wrapping my gifts in my mom's room, so...I'm pretty much just not allowed in there. Heh. It sort of took me until tonight to get into the Christmas spirit, but...I am now. :) I'm really happy my brother and his girlfriend and my aunt susan and John are here. It's nice. And now, I think I'm going to go to sleep so I can wake up realllly early tomorrow morning, make everyone mad, and open my gifts at like...6:00 A.M. Ahahahaha. I can be evil on Christmas....I am SOOOOOOOOOO SO SO SO SOOOOO hungry. Me want food. I haven't eaten all day and I'm just waiting for dinner to be done. It smells so good too. Only like...another half hour. So, my 'aunt' Susan who's a really good friend of my mom's and her husband John came over. I knew they were coming tomorrow night, but they came tonight too! It's weird. I went down and answered the door and...there they were! Hah! Good times.   I feel kind of bad. My brother wants to open all his presents tonight, but I refuse. I just can't open all my presents on Christmas Eve. It's just...not right. So, he'll just have to live with it!  I'm kind of missing my family too. This is only my second Christmas ever at home. I guess I'm just not quite used to it yet. It's hard for me to get in the Christmas spirit when I'm not at my Grandma's with that silly little Santa Claus night light she used to have in her bathroom and just stupid things like that. It's hard to believe it's already been over a year since my grandma died. I don't know. It's tough for me. I really miss her, especially at christmas time. That's always when I went to stay with her and stuff. Plus, I miss seeing my cousins and stuff. I'm really going to try to enjoy myself though. It's just hard to change something you've been used to since you were born pretty much.   I think I'll go stand in the kitchen now. Maybe the food will finish faster if I cheer it on.Yesterday was a really good day. I didn't do anything but Chris and I sort of...I guess, made up. We weren't really fighting in the first place, but things were bad for a while. I'm so happy. I missed him a lot. :) I'm glad we're back to being best friends.   And now, I'm just kind of hanging around waiting for dinner to be done. It's amazing. My brother's girlfriend is a chef so she like...reallly knows how to cook. She's so nice too. I love her. Seriously. I was just helping her make dinner/talking with her for like, an hour and a half. She's so fun/easy to talk to.   And now...I don't know. Maybe I'll go watch TV or something. YaY Christmas!!!!!!!!! :)Tonight was fun. I went bowling with Alex,  Brandon, Dave, and Peter. Good times. i kind of sucked but it's ok...at least I'm sort of consistently getting over 100.   I'm not sure what I'm doing tomorrow but now...I'm DEFINITELY going to take a shower. Bowling alleys always make me feel so gross and smelly. They always smell so much like smoke and beer. Grody.   Oh, there was this really creepy guy at the bowling alley in this..umm...sort of santa costume handing out stuff, and he gave me this elf thing and...yeah, scary. Haha.   I tried calling Chris earlier. He was busy with something. I was supposed to call him back, but then I was invited bowling. I'm not sure he even really cares. I don't know anymore. I just don't know. People tell me one thing, then...I think the complete opposite.Lalalalalala...nothing to do so I think I'll just stare at my computer screen for a bit. That seems like the right thing to do. It's weird. When you get up super close to it, everything looks like little dots...  Wow, I'm pathetic. I'm making myself sad. Haha.It's Monday and I'm definitely NOT in school. Ahahahaha. Yeah! Go Winter break. I love you.   I'm not really sure what I'm going to do today. I think I want to do something with people but I don't know what. My first thought was to call Chris and see what's up with him but then I realized...oh yeah, even before we stopped talking for a bit, we hadn't hung out in about a month anyway. And, if he hadn't definitely for lack of a better term, discarded me before, he certainly has now. I'm not sure what to do.   Ah well, I'm sure I'll find something to do today.Well, today was pretty good. Playing at Justin's church was fun. Haha, we all missed this one section. I don't even want to talk about it. Then, tonight Katharine and Brandon saved me from my house. They just called me while they were out in my driveway. It was trs funny.   Hmmm, I know information about something, but I don't know whether to tell the person or not. I don't want to hurt him. He's a good friend, but I feel as if I should tell him so he knows. Oh, I don't know. I'll see.   Tonight, Brandon, Katharine, and I all went to Walgreens. Haha, how DO those pregnency test things work? But yeah, then we went to Best Buy and Katharine and I were hanging out in the desk chairs. Fun times. We talked about stuff. Mostly about Chris. Well, I talked to her about Chris. I think I just really need to talk to him. I was so upset with him for a while there but now people seem to be saying he's genuinely worried about our friendship. That kind of surprises me. It also makes me wonder if maybe he was just going through a phase. I don't know, I kind of realized how much I miss him. Although I was really upset with him for a while. I don't know. I guess I'll wait and see if he calls or something. I can't just call and be like, "Chris, I'm upset with you." Somehow, that doesn't seem right. I would have told him I was upset with him from the beginning, but then we just didn't talk for a few days and then a few days turned into like...two weeks. Oh, I don't know. :( I just know even if I am upset with him, it's really upsetting not having him to talk to.Yeah so, I definitely just spent over two hours on the phone with Matthew. He's such an awesome kid. He makes me happy. :) YaY for Matthew. We didn't even talk about a lot but it was fun.   I think I'm going to try to go to bed at a reasonable hour tonight. Wheee.Not swearing is proving to be a much more daunting task than I would have expected. :( Oh well. I'm keeping at it. My other New Year's resolutions are really difficult as well, but those...I expected to be tough. I have a, "focus" now. Hah. So, we shall see, we shall see.  I'm kind of...excited to go back to school Monday. Just slightly though. No classes except for bowling. I just want to see people.   Wheee. I think I shall go further my edumucation...edumication? Ah, who knows and furthermore, who cares?I did end up going out tonight. YaY! =) I went bowling with Kelly and Mary Clare. Fun times. Oh my gosh. Kelly is the funniest bowler I have ever bowled with. It's just absolutely hilarious. She bowled ten gutter balls in a row...probably because she was laughing too hard haha, but on one, she swung back and the ball fell and rolled back and....wow, funniest thing I've possibly ever seen. I seriously almost peed my pants.   Wow. Too much was happening there for a while. There were so many people IM'ing me at once with problems and...ahhhh. It was insane. I'm really glad people can come to me but...wow. Things...I think...well..I hope will be ok with Pat. I feel really awful, but I think he understands.   Ah, I think I need to go sleep now. Tomorrow's my last real free day of break. I can do something tomorrow night and that's...it. Then it's all gone. :( Sadness.   OK, I started writing this like...four hours ago. Grrrr. This ALWAYS happens. Oh well. It's all good. I can go to sleep in good conscience now. I talked with Pat and thingss are ok so that makes me happy. :)   Ah, my arm hurts though...and I'm so warm. I think I may have a fever actually...not cool. Heh, literally.   This definitely started as a post for Friday, not Saturday.Today was....eh, ok. I had a driving lesson really early this morning. It was foggy. It was kind of cool actually. YaY fog. Then, I had a doctor's appointment. Ugh. I had to have so much blood taken. 6 little tube things. And halfway through when she'd gotten three, something kind of went wrong I guess, maybe there was a block or my vein just didn't feel like giving anymore blood, but something happened and she had to take out the needle and do it in the other arm. Another three viles. Ugh. My arms actually really hurt right now and they're both bruised pretty badly. Eek. No fun. :(   So, tonight I'm supposed to do something with Mary Clare and Kelly but...heaven only knows. I hope I end up doing something though. Only two more free nights of break. AHHH. That's scary. I'm ok with going back to school because I'll get to see people but it also means I'll have to go to classes and such. Blahh. I don't think I'm going to do any homework. I'm just going to go back and hope for the best. Haha. Even if I remembered what my homework was supposed to be, I probably wouldn't do it.I feel like crud. Grr. :( Oh well. I'm sure I'll feel better by tomorrow.   I finished my book though! YaY!!! :) It was if not the best, one of the best books I've ever read. Utterly fascinating. I'd definitely suggest it to anyone looking for something to read.Well, another year has passed. I'm sort of glad it's over. I feel refreshed almost. I actually have a lot of goals as New Year's resolutions this year. I usually don't. I usually don't even make any New Year's resolutions actually but this year's starting out differently. It's going to be different. I'm going to make it that way.    I don't think I want to write most of them in here because most of them are really personal but one of my big ones is to stop swearing. :) Again....haha. I did it for a year and a half. I think I can do it again. :)   Kelly's was a lot of fun. :) I brought in the New Year with people I really care about and that's all that matters. In all honesty, I'm glad I didn't go to a big party. I just wanted to spend time with people I cared about.   This year's going to be different. I don't know how but it is.Oh how I love Winter break! :) I went to lunch with Diane today at Einstein's and finally got my peanut butter and jelly bagel!!! It was delicious. Yum yum.   I've been pretty much reading on and off since then. This book is SO good. The Da Vinci Code. It's amazing. I really thought I'd be let down, like I was creating too high expectations but, I'm more impressed than I thought I'd be. It's difficult to put down.  YaY! Tonight I get to go out to dinner for my brother's birthday, which technically isn't until Thursday. I guess he's having a New Years party in his appartment downtown. Heh. Only New Years party I've heard of yet. Kind of odd...no one's having one... I'd go, but it's going to be a bunch of college guys and....hmmmmm, actually...maybe I'll go pay a visit. Heh.   And now...back to reading.Vanilla lip gloss = AMAZING. And that's all that needs to be said. :)Yeah so, today was fun. Well, the beginning part of my day wasn't really but it wasn't bad. I drove my mom to the dentist and she had the small surgery and then I drove her home and stuff. Then, I went bowling with Brandon, Peter, and Stephen. Fun times. Except I sucked. Except for the last part of the second game. On the tenth frame I missed a turkey by one pin. Strike, Strike, 9. Grrrr. Oh well. It was still pretty cool to almost get a turkey. Then I went out to dinner with Carson. Fun times. We just sat in noodles and went over alll this stuff from junior high. All the files and stuff and we looked at the notebook and whatnot. I'm kind of glad we did it. I was sort of avoiding thinking about Junior High but now I'm kind of looking at it from a completely different angle.  And that was my lovely day. Good times, good times. I think I may go watch a movie or something now. Actually, I think I'm going to go read The Da Vinci Code. Although, it does sort of give albinos a bad name. Grrr to that. Hah, but any book that has albinos that I've ever read hasn't exactly shed a glorious light upon them.   I still feel really bad for telling him. I know it was the right thing to do, but I just feel awful I made a really good friend feel bad. Even if he's better, I know he's still upset about it at least somewhat and no one has any idea what I'm talking about so why am I even bothering??   Yeah, so...tonight. Heh. Interesting times. We stopped at the gas station to get gas and Carson was like, "get out of the car, you're helping me." So, I get out and then we like...couldn't figure out how to get the cap off. It was different than my car. Weird. So, we finally get it, and then the gas pump was evil and gave us a bunch of trouble. Goodness. I felt like one of those girls on that stupid MTV show, "Rich Girls." Haha, it was at least comically relieving. My hand almost froze off though. Ow. :(  And now....I read.  Heh. I just noticed how much I like this song but how few words it has. "I love the way you move..." YaY Outkast.I think it's like...reminiscing day or something. I'm talking with Pat about old Nickelodeon shows we used to watch like, Salute Your Shorts, Global Guts (I always wanted a piece of that agro crag) Hey Dude (which I loathed) and just stuff like that. Hah. It's funny.So, today's been pretty good. I talked to Carson on the phone for like...two hours. It was good to talk to her but mostly we reminisced, and I guess that didn't remind me of good times. It was fun at the time honestly but I was one mean kid in 8th grade. Not mean in the sense that I had no friends and I was just hostile and bitter but mean as in, I'd scheme with other people to get back at people or even get people who didn't even do anything to us in the first place. Not good times. Not at all. I feel really awful. Everyone I knew that was older than me, I thought changed for the worse in high school but I think I've definitely changed for the better. I don't just go along with stuff I don't agree with anymore. I'm a lot stronger. I couldn't care less usually what people think of me. I suppose it depends on the person but with most people...eh. I can't be bothered to care.   I think I was also trying to be ghetto in eighth grade or something. I was looking at our, "notebook" that we passed around in our group and wrote notes and stuff in so that everyone could read a note if we had something to say to everyone, and I definitely started a note like, Yo homies, wazzup?" *Shudder*Scary times, scary times. Haha...speaking of "ghetto" that song from Office Space just randomly came on. "It feels good to be a gangsta."  Anyway, after that ummm...nice? little interlude into the past, I went out with Chris. Fun times. :) I think I've decided about something too. I told Chris. He doesn't believe me. :P Haha. I guess I'm not surprised. I don't think I'd believe me either. I have to do one more test and then I'll know. Even I'm questioning what I say.   So, after I hung out with Chris, I went to dinner with my family and now...I'm home. :) YaY, good times.   I'm talking to Mary Clare about the whole Michael Jackson thing. Honestly, I don't know if he's guilty. He seems almost so psychologically messed up that he wouldn't think it's wrong to have a sleepover with eight year old boys.   Anyway, I think I'm going to go watch this program on the Inquisition on the History Channel International. Hah. I'm SUCH a dork.OK, so there were a few things that made me smile today. I don't want it to seem like my life is despair and whatnot.   1. Being packed in a car with Christopher, Matthew, Stephen, Jim, and Matt was really quite funny.  2. I got new fuzzy pants from the gap. They're so soft, and comfy. I love them. :) I know I'm probably not supposed to love inanimate objects but really, I think it's ok once in a while.   3. I drove a lot of places today including the mall...where I GOT MY FUZZY PANTS WHICH I LOVE!   So, really, my day has been good. I just am sort of...I don't know. I don't really know anything.Oh, I do not feel well at ALL. My head hurts, my stomach hurts. Ugh. :( This is really dissapointing. I at least got to go to dinner with Emily and Brandon. Brandon was SO nice. He payed for both of us. I love that kid. :) That seriously made my day because not many guys are that polite anymore. YaY Brandon. Way to be polite! :) It was exciting at first though. I actually made plans. I never make plans. Maybe I'll try to make up for it by making plans again tomorrow or something. I feel bad that I had to go home in the middle of my own planned thing. Grrr.   Oh well. Such is life. I think I'm going to go sleep now since I really really don't feel well. Hopefully I'll be better by tomorrow.I give up. Seriously. I think I just don't even care anymore. I am giving up on it. I know giving up is bad but it's definitely appropriate for this situation.Well, things are a bit better. Actually, a lot better. I just stopped for a bit and took time for myself. I actually went and slept for about an hour or so. I mean, I was just absolutely abhorrent. I didn't want to talk to anyone but now I'm a lot more relaxed. Plus, I talked to some good friends for a bit. That was nice. I didn't think I wanted to talk to anyone but once I calmed down and after I slept for a bit, it was ok. I'm really happy tomorrow is Friday though. Haha, I'm supposed to plan something for Brandon, Peter, and myself to do. Haha. This should be interesting. I have no clue what to plan though. Oh well. I'll figure something out.   And now, I think I shall go back to sleep. YaY sleep.This is really not my week for good moods. Seriously. I'm really trying to be positive and keep my new year's resolution but this is REALLY difficult. I am just in an awful mood right now. I wish I could go take a walk or something but it's too dark and too cold. Oh well. It doesn't matter. I'll just sit around the house and brood.Stressed out mood. I'm seriously already stressing about all this college stuff and I don't even need to do appllications for another like...9 months. Ahhhh! I don't even know which schools I want to go to. I have a few in mind but...eh.   Anyway, today was ok. Not a lot happened really. I'm glad tomorrow's Thursday because I always have that good feeling on Thursdays..."only one more day."  I don't feel much like writing again tonight. I don't know why. I think I'm going to go to bed in a little bit anyway so, maybe I'll feel like a nice rant tomorrow. Who knows?  Keep chasin' that rainbow.Today was ok. I got a 113 in bowling. That was nice. I'm not feeling much like writing right now. Not about my day at least. I talked to Carson for a while. It kind of made me think and realize things that I had just avoided in the past. I don't know. I'm trying to be upbeat and not let things bother me. I know this will come as a shock but that's something I'm trying to do for New Years. It's not working out so well...  Oh well. I guess I am allowed to have my weak/bad moments. I mean, I can't very well stop them all.   'Cause out there somewhere, it's all waiting if you keep believing.  Out there somewhere, daylight finds you, if you keep believing.Oh no. I have the dreaded...hiccups. This is obviously due to the stress-related fact that I just wasn't given enough time to do this essay. Three weeks is certainly not sufficient. Of course this is not due to my procrastination at ALL. La la la...and yet...I sit here observing all the tiny different colored dots that make up my computer screen. There's a little green one and a blue one and...OH! There's red! You have to have red.  AHHHHHHH. I think I need to go hit myself over the head with one of those stupid little kid's plastic wiffle-ball bats several times. That'd distract me even more for another good...hour or so. :) YaY. I've also come to realize something. Hiccups are extremely unattractive. I wonder if anyone has ever gotten them on their wedding day. Surely..someone must have. Hah. That''s going to be me. Leaning in to kiss the love of my life and...HICCUP! Oh...excuse me while I go drive blunt pencils through my eyes.   OK, seriously. I'm going to do this. I AM! You just watch...actually...I hope you're not watching. That'd be rather creepy.First day back was alright. Nothing great though. Band was ok. It was really weird playing though since I um, definitely didn't practice once over break. Whoops. Ah well.  Math was OK. I actually get what she gave us today. YaY for that. That gives me a bit of confidence for the final. There's no way you can really study for math finals anyway not that I would even if I could. I think I'm going to go with my not studying method again. That's worked for the past 4 sets of finals. :) Maybe I'll study for bowling but that's it. Speaking of bowling, that was fun today. I wasn't doing fantastically but, eh, I just sort of still need to get back in the swing of things.   French was...eh...d'accord. Like the use of the French word while explaining French? Hah. OK, fine. I'm the only one who ever finds my jokes funny. :) That's ok. At least they make me laugh.   Lunch was nice. Just chatted with Carson and did my Satire...err...no, Comedy, we're in comedy now. Well, I did my comedy homework. Good times. Drivers ed./study hall was nice as usual. Heh. I just went and did my homework in the band room. I actually thought about practicing but then I remember how self conscious I am about that and how Dan and Peter are in my lunch hour and that idea got lost. So, I sat and did math homework and read a bit of this book Peter had. The beginning at least was really interesting. It's this compilation of songs this guy likes and he explains each one and why he likes it and whatnot. It's pretty funny actually. I think I may ask Peter if I can borrow it when he's done. I got about 20-25 pages into it. Maybe I'll just go get it from the library. We'll see.   Hmmm, history was boring. I definitely have a paper for that class due tomorrow that I had about three weeks to do. Whoops. I knew I wouldn't do it though so I didn't even bother trying over break. It shouldn't be too difficult anyway. I may actually study for my history final I've decided. Haha, or not. I figure I have to have at least one final for each year that I SAY I'll study for. That way, I think my mother's comforted when I feel at least a tiny ounce of guilt while I'm sitting watching TV with my unopened book by my side.   I was so happy when I got to Satire and Comedy. Today kind of went by slowly. Satire didn't go by too slowly though so it wasn't bad. Haha, we looked up what people do for Kwanza (errr, pardon the spelling if it's incorrect) on the internet. Haha. "Everything you wanted to know about Kwanza and more." It was actually semi-interesting. I'd never really known what Kwanza is. Goodness...I hope I'm spelling the word correctly. Otherwise, I'm probably looking like a pretty dim bulb right now. Other than that we just talked about the different aspects of comedy and such. Fun stuff.   So, today wasn't really bad. It was nice seeing people that I haven't seen too.   Bryan and I are cool now. Like...actually cool. Not, "well, we're ok with each other but we don't really talk." We're actually getting to be friends again. I'm glad. I missed having him to talk to. He's a really good friend.   Things this year aren't exactly starting as I would have expected but...it's not bad. I'm really trying to have a positive outlook on things. Some things are going really well though.   Well, I suppose I could at least go start my essay...um, or not? Or just write random stuff in WORD for about an hour or so like I usually do. Then, around midnight I'll finally just want to go to sleep so I'll finish it in about an hour. Haha. That's the one reason I'm glad I didn't take APUSH. There's so much homework in that class that I just wouldn't have done. I'm more in to European history in the first place...so, yeah. I think I'll take AP Euro next year though. Fun times.   I'll probably be back to write more as I keep avoiding this paper. :)My last day of break definitely was a pretty good resemblence to the rest of my break. I slept in really late. YaY! :) And then...I did nothing. Now I have to do laundry and stuff though. That's no fun. I think I'm just going to do a little bit of it tonight though. Just stuff I really need to get done.   It's weird. It almost feels like I'm going to the first day of school tomorrow. Crazy. My record was broken because my internet connection was stupid but I definitely did manage to stay online for over 11 days straight. Crazyness. That's actually a pretty good internet connection if it's able to stay connected for over 11 days. And now...on to laundry. Um, yay?Well, 12 hours until I wake up to go to school. Bummer.Note to Catie: You're a moron. Listen to yourself when you say go to bed at a reasonable hour.   Another note to Catie: Hit yourself over the head tomorrow morning.  Note to Catie's head: Watch out. Catie's going to hit you tomorrow morning.  Final note to self: Stop writing notes to yourself you ignoramus. You're going to scare people away.I'm in a fantastic mood right now for some reason. I mean...it could be due to the fact that I talked to Matthew on the phone for two hours, then Christopher for another...I don't know..hour or so but...I like it. YaY good moods. :)Well. Today wasn't that fun. Concessions wasn't bad though. Pretty fun. I wish I could have gone out to dinner with my friends though. I sort of completely forgot about concessions until today. I was in the middle of calling Peter to see if he wanted to do something and then my mom suddenly calls up the stairs, "you know we have to do concessions, right?" Yeah, so...oh well.   Tomorrow I think I'll try to do somehing with people. I should study too. I know I wont but I probably should.   Anyway, I'm exhausted and definitely ready to sleep.   Keep chasin' that rainbow.OK, I wrote this for Pat's blog thing since he never writes (hint hint Pat. WRITE.) and it's so brilliant I just had to put it in my blog thing. I think I need to write in the third person sometime. Just write about my whole day. It'd be fun. Extraordinarily obnoxious but fun! So, this is what I wrote for Pat;   "Hi. My name is Pat. I'm sure you already know that if you're here though. I think Catie's the coolest kid ever because she doesn't like orange juice with pulp in it and is tempted to go to 7-eleven to get some new orange juice, because she is thirsty and doesn't want water. Anyway, back to me since I'm Pat and I'm awesome. I like to run and I went to Texas over Christmas, and I like to write random things. I also know this sounds like I'm a first grader. It's meant to so stop laughing at Cati...I mean MY ability to write."   I think I need sleep....Oh my. I haven't written in a bit. Well, it's been a long time for me at least...I missed you blogspot.   This is in large part due to the fact that my computer hates my existence and would enjoy terminating it as soon as I fall asleep. I seriously fear going to sleep at night. My computer's just going to attack me one night. I'll be having a dream about guy # 3 (Hah, Carson's the only one who would get this and she doesn't even know the address to this thing. Nonetheless; henceforth, I think I shall refer to him as, "guy # 3." Actually, no...I take that back. I hate finding the number sign on the top row of keys so I'll just refer to him as "Numero Three." So, yeah...anyywwayyyy....moving on...this was the longest set of parentheses I've ever had. Did you even notice I'm still writing in parentheses? Read up a few lines if you need to figure out what I started before the parentheses and then go straight to the end of the parentheses. Hah. That was most enjoyable) and my computer will just attack me and then it'll be goodbye Numero Three and I'll cry. Ah, Numero Three....ahhh. :)   Yes, anyway. It was AMAZING!!! I got a 125 in bowling today. I started out with two gutter balls too. I was like, oh no! Another awful game...but it wasn't! YaY! Hm, Wind Ensemble's good too. We played the beef song. I love that song. It's amazing. It's challenging though. I admit it. A band song is challenging.  Math was cool. I just worked on finishing my packet the whole period. I didn't turn in some crap though so I only have a 90.15%. Heh. Whoops. I'll have to do well on my final then.   Gym...I already talked about so that's cool. French was good. I'm totally going to ace that test. (I hope.) It'll be fun times. Those are my two finals for Tuesday. Gym and French. YaY! :)   Lunch was good. Carson and I talked about the plan. That was good. I need a plan too for Numero Three. Definitely need a plan.   Hah. Drivers Ed./Study hall, I went to the band room like usual and they had a sub and she was SO mean. Like...seriously just the biggest B-I-T         -T-E-R W-O-M-A-N I've ever met. Haha. You were expecting me to spell something different, weren't you? I've been sticking to my non-swearing thing although it's been incredibly difficult. Anyway, she wasn't nice at all so a bunch of us just hid in the music library. That was cool. :) Brandon and Alex climbed in the ceiling. Hah. Those two are crazy.   History was boring boring borrrinnggg. I made up the test that I had to make up from a looong time ago. Like...a month ago at least. Heh.   Then Satire and Comedy, ohh...it made me sad. I love ms. Gatto. She's the coolest. Our ms. Gatto fan club got her flowers this morning! Haha. She was so happy. She jumped up and down and stuff. YaY! I'm really going to miss that class though. I really enjoyed it.   And tonight, I think I'm going to stay at home and watch the Disney Channel movie that I wanted to watch. Heh...heh...I'm not a loser...no...  Tomorrow I'll find something to do. I need to do stuff with Kelly, Kathryn, and Mary Clare and with Peter and Chris is gone. :( That makes me sad. So is Brandon. Two of my good friends are out of town. This is disturbing. Oh well.   And it was amazing. I had grilled cheese for dinner. It was SOOOO delicious. Yum yum yum. YaY for grilled cheese.   And now off to watch my Disney movie and look at my books sitting next to me and think, "I should really study but I'm too lazy."  Oh, oh, oh! (Herbal Essences anyone?) I remembered something else too! Alex copied me the Till Bronner CD! YAY!!! I was so excited. :) So, now I have Till and my Disney movie and my book tha wont be opened. I've got my Friday night made.It's amazing. Sometimes my own advice just throws itself back at me unexpectedly. I tell someone something and realize that I should do that very same thing. It's so easy to tell other people to do things but when you realize that you, yourself should be doing them...it's a completely different story.  Anyway, I thought it was kind of funny today. We had an, "all secure, take cover" drill. Now, they're sitting there telling us if something's wrong then we should all hide so that no one can see us through the windows from the doors of the classroom. I find this funny because the most potent threat is probably somebody actually in our school and they're probably going to realize, "oh, they're trying to make it look like there is no one in the classroom." Ah, intelligent minds.  I'm excited for the weekend to come. Once it does, I basically have a week off because finals are no big deal for me and I never actually study. YaY!   OK, sleep time or something now. Good night cow jumping over the moon...   ~~~~It's all waiting if you keep believing.~~~~Hmmmmm...it's amazing how I can go from being in such a hyper/optimistic happy mood to such a...pensive mood. That doesn't usually happen and my thoughtful moods don't usually happen until late in the night. It's not even 11:00. I think I will go to sleep soon though because I have a bit of a headache. Blah.   I'm still happy though actually. I'm in a thoughtful but happy mood. I guess that's nice. :)  ~~~~It's all waiting if you keep believing.~~~~YaY! Good day, very good day. :)  I don't even know why actually...I'm just in a good mood. YaY good moods. More like a silly mood.  Today was good. There were so few people there because a lot of them were at the marching thing. I think I'm glad I didn't go and I got my tests all done and whatnot. Wind Ensemble was fun. I just sat in a practice room and played cards with Katharine and with Amanda for a little until she had to do her homework and then with Alex. Good times. Brandon scared the heck out of Katharine and Amanda. Hah. That was pretty funny.  Then math...finished my test. That was probably the hardest math test other than a final that I've ever taken. Actually, I take that back. It wasn't that difficult, just, time consuming. But, yay! Byebye math test!   Then bowling was fun. I got a 106. Go me. Wheee.   YaY French. I totally rocked my quiz yesterday and today I think I did well on the second part.   Lunch was fun. Haha. Amanda, Elizabeth and I all sat around talking about guys...again. We do that SO much. It's amazing. We're such losers. Then, I sat with Carson for a bit. Fun stuff.  During Study Hall/Drivers Ed. I sat with Brandon and Alex and Elizabeth and played Yahtzee. I'd never played it before. Fun times. Fun times indeed.  I debated on whether or not to go to History since I was excused the whole day but, I ended up going. I just felt too guilty. Ugh. I'm a wimp. A WIMP I TELL YOU.   And Satire and Comedy, my test went well and I was definitely right on the sheet we had to do. It was amazing. I understood it!!!!   I am definitely on a sugar high or something right now. I had a brownie earlier. I'm thinkin' it was a special brownie... :)  OK....I'm going to go not sleep now. I'll probably just go talk to people for another hour like ALWAYS. Late arrival tomorrow though!!!!!! :)  ~~~~~It's all waiting if you keep believing~~~~Well, looking back at the past week or so, my entries have been short and..not very optimistic. I'm really thinking, actually more hoping, that that changes this week. At least the week started off well. Today was pretty ordinary but fun anyway. I don't think I'm going to go to the marching thing tomorrow. I already have to miss a bit of school this week and it's really not smart for me to miss more than I have to since finals are next week and stuff.   Amanda and I decided that this weekend, we're going to get a bunch of guys together and go see, "Big Fish." It'll be lots of fun and..there will be lots of guys there so...again, it will be lots of fun. Lets see if it actually happens though...  I should probably go get started on my homework. Hmmm, I have a feeling my barrage of negative comments was a bit more entertaining than today's entry. Oh well. I prefer being in a good mood and I guess that's all that's important.Today was ok. I took lots of Ibuprofen so my fever would go down. I did a lot of reading and then went to the mall for a bit to do some errands. It actually ended up being pretty fun. I ended up getting two sweaters and another shirt. The shirt only cost me $7 and it was from Gap! Gap doesn't usually have prices like that so...I was excited! :)  Tomorrow, I think I'm just going to sit around all day.   It was really sad. A good friend of my family died today. And Peter had a death in his family too. It's really really depressing and it just all reminds me of my grandma last year. That was so tough.   I don't think I want to start thinking about this again. I started thinking about it so much when I first started talking to Peter and...ugh, I'm NOT going to think about this.  So, anyway, depending on when the funeral is for this friend of my family, I may not get to go to the marching thing on Tuesday anyway. I was unsure in the first place if I was going to go since I didn't want to miss schooll but yeah...  Anyway, I think I'm going to go sleep. Good night.Fun fun fun day! :) I went over to Kel's and did decorations for Mr. NCHS. MC and Kath came too. And also, this girl named Katie Jensen came. She was soo nice. I'm glad I got to meet her :) We get to decorate with her again next week so it should be fun.   Kel's mom ordered us pizza too, which was really excellent of her. So, good times, good people, "Two thumbs up. Fine holiday fun." If anyone can tell me where that quote is from..I'll, I don't know, I'll do whatever you want.   I've had this song stuck in my head since last night. Someone had it in their profile and I listened to it and it got stuck in my head. It's a great song though so...it's ok that it's stuck in my head.  There's a place off Ocean Avenue Where I used to sit and talk with you We were both 16 and it felt so right Sleeping all day, staying up all night Staying up all night  There's a place on the corner of Cherry Street  We would walk on the beach in our bare feet We were both 18 and it felt so right Sleeping all day, staying up all night Staying up all night  If I could find you now things would get better We could leave this town and run forever Let your waves crash down on me and take me away  There's a piece of you that's here with me It's everywhere I go, it's everything I see When I sleep, I dream and it gets me by I can make believe that you're here tonight That you're here tonight  If I could find you now things would get better We could leave this town and run forever I know somewhere, somehow we'll be together Let your waves crash down on me and take me away  I remember the look in your eyes When I told you that this was goodbye You were begging me not tonight Not here, not now We're looking up at the same night sky And keep pretending the sun will not rise  Be together for one more night Somewhere, somehow  If I could find you now things would get better We could leave this town and run forever I know somewhere, somehow we'll be together Let your waves crash down on me and take me awayBroken this fragile thing now And I can't, I can't pick up the pieces And I've thrown my words all around But I can't, I can't give you a reason  I feel so broken up  And I give up  I just want to tell you so you know  Here I go, scream my lungs out and try to get to you You are my only one I let go, there's just no one that gets me like you do You are my only, my only one  Made my mistakes, let you down And I can't, I can't hold on for too long Ran my whole life in the ground And I can't, I can't get up when you're gone  And something's breaking up I feel like giving up  I won't walk out until you know  Here I go, scream my lungs out and try to get to you You are my only one I let go, there's just no one who gets me like you do You are my only my only one  Here I go so dishonestly Leave a note for you my only one And I know you can see right through me So let me go and you will find someone  Here I go, scream my lungs out and try to get to you You are my only one I let go, there's just no one, no one like you You are my only, my only one My only one My only one My only one You are my only, my only oneToday was awesome. Really great. :) I slept in. Hallelujah! It was so nice not having to do anything. Then, I went to see, "Win a Date With Tad Hamilton." Cute movie...very cute. Right MC? Well, ok...no one else would get the accent but MC so...I'm really just directing this toward her.   Anyway, after that I went to Kath's for a while. Good fun times. We talked a lot.   Being online is lessening my good mood though so...I think I may go. There's only one person I'm talking to who's making me feel good right now but I always feel good when I talk with him. :)Its so nice not having school. Just...sleep in, eat, watch some TV, go out with friends. All that good stuff.   Last night was pretty fun. Monogue and I was good. I was surprised actually. I saw Diane there too! :) That was cool. She was there to see Andy play. There weren't a lot of people dancing though so...that wasn't cool but oh well.  Tonight I think I'm going to see a movie with some friends. Good times. I haven't been to see a movie in a long time.   I think I'm going to go do more of nothing now.Finally!!! It's over. Finals week is over. I didn't think I'd be this stressed out but the problem was, I was stressed out about one final and of course...it just HAD to be the last final. I feel pretty good about my satire and comedy final though. I really do. I was ready. I had like...a four page outline. I actually prepared. It felt kind of nice being prepared....  I should try that again sometime. The reality of it is that it probably wont happen for another ten years but maybe...just maybe it'll happen sooner.   I haven't written a real entry in so long for me. I've missed not writing in here. A lot's going on right now too. Most of it I can't really talk about in here but...still. It's nice to have blogger back to vent some frustrations. I think I'm giving up on numero 3. I don't think I care enough anymore as odd as it sounds. I don't know. Maybe this is all just because I'm having a particularily bad week but still, I'm feeling like I'm not going to bother with it anymore. I don't even feel right liking him. It's just making me feel weird now.   Anyway, today I went out to lunch with Kelly, Kath, and MC. Good times. So much fun at Noodles. And tonight, I think I'm going to go to that dance thing at school with them. I have to be there to make sure Kathryn does what she's supposed to do.   I guess now I'll go...I don't know. There's no homework to do and...WOW! This is amazing. There's nothing to do and I love that. I think I'll go watch TV. That's fun and I haven't done that in a long time.    In spite of my crappy week which will probably exceed crappy tomorrow...I'm content at this instant and it's a nice feeling.Well, I got history over with. I love history but I was sort of dreading that final. I'm not looking forward to Sat/Com though. That's definitely not going to be a fun one. Oh well. It'll be ok. Really. It'll be...great.Thank God for best friends and just...people who really care about you. Care enough about you to know when you're upset, not to mess with you or tease you or be mean to you but just to be there and care about you.   I talked to Chris on the phone for a while and I feel a lot less stressed out now. He's really being there for me. He doesn't even know why I'm upset and he's being there for me because he knows I need him. I just think that's so cool and I love him to death for it. YaY Chris! :)Heh. Funny. I just wrote this whole like....nine paragraph long thing to vent then realized again that this thing is public and I probably shouldn't put 8 and 1/2 of those 9 paragraphs in here.   My day was one of those days. I'm really thankful to Carson though. She cheered me up so much. Her and Kevin Lewis. Aw. I love them. :) They made me feel so much better after such a crappy morning. There's so much going on right now and half of it I can't talk about with anyone. I wish I could call Chris right now. I really need him.YES!!!! Go being done with my history paper and chart that I forgot about until about two hours ago. :)   And now...bed time!Well. I actually did something for finals. I read the story, "the Loneliness of the Long Distance Runner," for my Satire and Comedy final. Now, I just have to make an outline and find quotes and stuff. Blahhh.  I think I might actually go do some studying for history though. Oh yeah. YaY history.   Other than that I haven't done a lot today. I ran some errands and yeah...that's pretty much it. There's only one thing I want to work on with driving before my actual test. Parking. Ugh. I suck at parking. Honestly. I'm just horrible at it.   Oh well. We shall see. I think I'll go look over my stuff for history now.Wheee. Tonight was fun. Yes indeedy. Fun good times. I went over to Brandon's and hung out with him and Peter. YaY. They make me smile. :) So did Finding Nemo. I love that movie. Good times.   Tomorrow I've got a whole lot of stuff to do and I have to wake up early. :( Bumm-mer.  Aw, there's this really really nice kid I know and he says nice things to me a lot and he's like...my favorite. You should know who you are. :) Thanks! You make my day a lot better.Ahhhhh.YaY! I have some time to write finally. No jazz today. That's awesome. :) i mean, I love jazz but...it's nice to have a day off once in a while.   So, anyway, since I haven't written in a while....maybe I'll catch up. I already wrote about Winter, which I guess is the best/most important thing that's happened in the last few days. I don't think I even wrote in here I was planning on asking anyone. Haha. Actually...I hadn't until Saturday sooo....I guess that makes sense that I didn't write in here.  I think I might be getting sick unfortunately. :( My throat's starting to get pretty soar and every time I yawn or something like that, my ear hurts so I'm thinking I might have an ear infection. Ick. Nooo fun.   I think I'm going to really like my classes this semester. Maybe not weighted essay writing but eh...you can't have everything, right?   Wind Ensemble's pretty much the same. I got kicked out the other day. :) That was actually rather funny. We were playing Gavorkna fanfare and I can double tongue sometimes and sometimes I can't and he told me to play alone in front of everyone and I was like..."ummm, no. I can't," and he's like, "go practice it then." And I just got up and I left. I think he expected me to stay and actually play it but I was like..."no, not in front of everyone." And then, today we didn't have band since they're all at IMEA :) Whoo. So, I sat around during band trying to do the homework I didn't do last night. That didn't work at ALL.   Second hour, I now have History. That's a big switch for me since I used to have it seventh. I have Mr. Rosanova too, which is cool. He seems like he's going to be a good teacher. I mean, we've gotten homework every night, but it wasn't difficult. So, that should be fun. Plus, Jamie sits in front of me and he's so hot. I mean....he's a complete jerk but he's still hot.   Third hour, I have gym again. good times. I'm taking basketball....bleh. The last time I really played basketball, I got a concussion and ended up in the emergency room but, it's not bad because at least I'm in gym with Matthew and Chris and stuff. I don't really talk to Chris much during gym though. I think he wants to hang out with his senior friends haha. Oh well. We played knockout all day today. It was fun. I even won! YaY!   Then I have French again. Whoo. Good times, good times. Not much is different in there from last semester. Ari sits in front of me now though so we get to talk and stuff. And I'm sitting next to Katy, my only junior friend in the class. :) I also found out I got like...a 94 on the final for last semester without studying. YaY.  Fifth hour is psychology. I'm really really excited to be taking that class. Like...tremendously excited. It's funny though because Dave Kaiser's in my class....heh heh. That should be interesting. He's also in my gym class. So, three periods out of my day, I'm with Dave. Is that not incredibly scary? Anyway, we took the final for the class today. She wanted to see how much we knew before we get into stuff. We did these interview things for the past two days where we interviewed another person, then introduced them to the class. This one kid...oh dear. He sits across from me on the other side of the room and the person that interviewed him was telling us about how the kid had been arrested 9 times. 9 TIMES! He's only at most 18. He''s been charged with 7 counts of battery and 2 of assault. Oh, he's a boxer too so....that's always helpful when you're being charged with battery and assault. I was just like, "Note to self: Don't make big angry boxing kid mad."  Then Sixth hour is lunch. I have it with a lot of cool people so that should be fun.   Then weighted essay writing....ughhhh. Drive a fork into my eye. Please. I just know I'm going to hate that class with a deep burning passion that eats away at the soul. Ohh well. At least Bryan's in it with me so I can wine to him. Plus, Todd's in that class too and then he's in my math class last hour so we complain together when we get to math. Haha. Good times.  Then, obviously as previously mentioned, I have math with Mr. Danbom. I think that'll be fun. He seems like a cool/nice guy.   And that's my schedule. Whoo. I hope this semester goes well. I can't believe this is the second half of junior year already. That seems insane. I'll be a senior next year....creepy.  I guess I might go work on homework now. OK, probably not. I'll probably go read but it's ok. Reading is....sort of educational....  Question for the day: What does, "Word to your mother" mean?So, I asked Peter to Winter and it worked out. It took like...a fricking week to plan this whole thing and then it didn't even end up working out. OK...so, it was more like two or three days but still, it seemed like a week. I just ended up leaving him a note in his locker with a drawing of what I was going to do. Haha. Fun times, fun times. So really, that's what's been going on these past few days. Plans for coming up with an inventive way to ask him and then....the plans just.....ending up not working. My new classes are great too. I really think I'm going to like psych but I'm so tired right now so...more tomorrow maybe.I totally have a plan for tomorrow now. :) I'm excited. It'll be fun. I'll talk about it more tomorrow in here since I don't actually know who reads this.   I'm having to do a ton of errands and stuff today. A lot more than I expected. Plus, Patrick and I actually planned to talk on the phone. :) That'll be so fun if we get to. Although, I bet I'll make a complete fool of myself.  Anyway, more errands to do. Gotta go pick up some supplies for tomorrow. :)Gosh, I haven't written in here since Thursday. Seriously, my stupid computer is so dumb. It's all my computer's fault. If this were more easily accesible, I'd be writing every free chance I got but nooo. Stupid stupi internet explorer. I no longer like you internet explorer. I shun you.   Like how I talk to inanimate beings...?  Wheee.  Anywayyyy, this weekend was pretty good. I was sick for most of it but Friday was nice. I went out to dinner and to a movie with Kathryn. Good times. MC couldn't go though :( Bummer.   Today was pretty good for a Monday. I thought I would have a quiz that I definitely didn't have. :) YaY! And, honestly, that's all that's going on right now. I usually write more when I have something to complain about but right now, things seem really really good. I'm not sure why...:) :) :) :-D I got my license!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :) Yeahhhhhh! I'm so happy. Finally. Ah, this makes my..like...year! :) Plus, there was no jazz today. That was pretty nice I must admit. :) The rest of the day was pretty average. I think I actually may have done poorly on my French test...odd as it is. I don't know. I wasn't paying much attention.   I'll write more later....right now I feel like dancing.... :-DI just realized how many people are in really great relationships that make them happy and...that honestly makes me happy for them but I know this realization will get to me later. Hmmmm....It's just odd that's it's not bothering me right now...Whoa. Writing two days in a row. That's like...amazing considering my current writting frequency.   So, today was a pretty average day though. nothing too special. I just finished watching American Idol. I think I'm like...addicted or something. It is a great show though. anyway, this guy sang this song that totally took me back to my seventh grade days. I think I'll put it in here for...reminiscing purposes. Haha. It's such a bad song but I used to LOVE it. Plus it was the first, song I had a with a "boyfriend." A seventh grade boyfriend but a boyfriend nonetheless. I felt so cool...  It's undeniable That we should be together It's unbelievable  How I used to say that I'd fall never  The basis is need to know If you don't know just how I feel Then let me show you now that I'm for real If all things in time, time will reveal Yeah....  One, you're like a dream come true Two, just wanna be with you Three, 'cause it's plain to see that you're the only one for me And four, repeat steps one through three Five, make you fall in love with me If ever I believe my work is done, then I'll start back at one Yeah...  It's so incredible the way things work themselves out And all emotional once you know what it's all about And undesirable for us to be apart Never would've made it very far 'Cause you know you've got the keys to my heart  'Cause one, you're like a dream come true Two, just wanna be with you Three, "cause it's plain to see that you're the only one for me And four, repeat steps one through three Five, make you fall in love with me If ever I believe my work is done, then I'll start back at one  Say farewell to the dark night I see the coming of the sun I feel like a little child Who's life has just begun You came and breathed new life Into this lonely heart of mine You threw out the lifeline just in the nick of time....  Haha, so....while I was dl'ing this song to remember the old days, I was thinking of other classic seventh grade dance songs. Yeah Barbie Girl!!!  Come on barbie, lets go party! :)  OK, I'm done, I swear.   Wow. This song has some unbelievably dirty lyrics...  Haha. OK, now I'm really done. I promise. I should probably go do homework or something constructive. Yeah....  .I love being able to write in here!!!! :)Wow. It's been so so long. I miss writing in here so much but my computer is conspiring against me. I'm sure of it now. My brother's coming to fix it hopefully...this weekend. :) It's Maureen's last weekend too. :( That's not cool. I love her. She's amazingly cool and nice and she's an AMAZING chef. And it's not even like she's going back to California or something. She's going all the way back to Australia. Not cool. Not cool at all.  honestly, not a lot of interest has been going on recently. Winter was awesome though. It was a ton of fun. I was worried it'd be awkward but it wasn't at all. Fun fun times.   I'm really just sort of avoiding this essay I have to write right now. Eeeek....whoops.   Stupid W.E.W. That class sucks. It SUCKKKSSSSS. Haha. Sorry  OK, I'm done now actually. Oh yeah...I got my car washed today. That was fun. Good times at the car wash. Workin' at the car wash, workin' at the car wash, yeah... :)  Oh...big breakthrough this weekend though. I now have the n!!! I can watch Daria and Degrassi and..AHHHH!!!! What a great weekend honestly. One of the best I've had in a while.So, today was a lot better than expected actually. I mean, I was sort of happy to get out of school but, I don't know, I wasn't expecting it to be fun at all. I hung out with Katharine a lot. That was cool since i don't get to hang out with her much. A lot of hanging out with Bryan and Scott too so that was really cool. Bryan and I have started to talk more this semester since we're in W.E.W. together. It's cool...not even at all awkward anymore. Good times, good times. So, the clinician was either really really nice or we actually did alright. I'm hoping it's the latter of the two but...doubtful. I almost wish we wouldn't have played Hoe Down, although it is a kick butt song. Oh well. We did go to McDonald's for lunch. Shock shock but it was right near Pizza Hut so we decided to go there instead. Yum.   I drove myself to school today too. That wasn't bad...except for that cop following me....and then I was kind of freaking out and..yeah. Oh well. It's cool.   I can't decide on whether or not to go to mass tomorrow morning or if I just want to wait until tomorrow night. I'm thinking tomorrow night.   I'm in a writing mood but there's nothing to write about. You'd think I'd be sensible and use my writing mood for my Cause/Effect paper but...nah. I'm just not that intelligent. Ah well, such is life.   I'm so excited. I was watching American Idol and the guy was talking about a special that will be on Monday night and William Hung is going to be on it!!! That's AWESOME. That guy is amazing. Haha. It's kind of ironic how he'll probably be mroe famous than the person who actually wins. I mean, "She Bangs" is a pretty catchy tune. Ah, good old Ricky.   I think I'll be done for now and go finish sorting my laundry. Yes...and maybe study for my psych test. doubtful but...eh, you never know.Well, this past weekend was really good. I didn't spend any of it with my friends. Errr....those two points are completely non sequitur...yes....completely...  Yeah, anyway...I spent most of it with my brother and his girlfriend. She's leaving next week. :( I'm going to miss her. She's so cool. We're going downtown to hang out with them this weekend though. Plus...we're going to the Rembrandt exhibit!!! YES! It'll be amazing X like....twenty...  Today was one of my two full days of school this week. tomorrow's the Wind Ensemble NIU thing. Good times. I just don't want to be wearing my concert black all day. Anyway, Thursday's a half day and Friday we have no school. Good, good times!   I really have nothing else to say. I'm too tired to really type anything. I think I might be getting over...errr...."it" too. I don't know. I've thought that a lot though and then something happens and....there it is again. Oh well. We shall see, we shall see.It's kind of sad how rarely I write now. It makes me sad at least. my computer is almost completely messed up. My brother's here though and he's at least going to take a look at it. Phew. he didn't bring the discs he needs though. No good. Oh well. Yesterday was alright. I had to do concessions though. that was actually pretty tiring. It was cool though because Ari was working with me and she's awesome so...good times. Then, i hung out with Bryan afterward. We just drove around for like two hours and talked. It was fun. I mean, I was really tired but I'm glad I went out. I complained to him a lot about liking number 3...again. Or...never stopping actually. Heh. I'm an idiot. I really am. He told me to just start spending less time with the person but that's...really difficult when all I want to do is spend time with that person. I don't spend much time with him to begin with anyway so, eh.   Anyway, this afternoon should be pretty fun. I'm going to the mall. i always love going to the mall. It's good fun times. I want to go to Hollister. I didn't know they had one in the mall until the last time I went and I didn't have enough time to look at anything before I had to go. So, YaY! that'll be fun.. Then, tonight, I'm either going to see LOTR, Return of the King since I didn't get to see the last 20 minutes of it the last time i went or going out dancing. i'm not positive we're going dancing though so...who knows? I may just do something else with them. I didn't get to hang out with them last night though so, i'm thinking i should probably go do something with them. Fun times. I do really want to go dancing. We'd go to this club that Diane told us about. I guess it's really really fun.   And in other news...heh, heh, what a nerdy thing to say....I got a call from Jewel last night and I guess I'm having an interview next friday. Whoo? I think I still might apply to either Hollywood or Blockbuster too, because I'm not positive I want to work at Jewel.   Wow, the shift key on this keyboard is truly awful. It's really annoying. i'm using my mom's computer since mine obviously is demonic and wants to kill me.   Anyway, gotta go take a shower. I'll write more later. Ta ta...I beat my computer!!! :) Actually, my brother's the one who beat it. But, who cares? IT'S FIXED! :) Anyway, I'm absolutely exhausted so, I think I'm going to go to sleep in a few minutes and sleep in SO late tomorrow. I really do need to get working on my psych project too though.  Hmmm. Eh, I'll get to it. I did alright at solo and ensemble. I got a 1 but...so did a ton of other people so, no big deal there. I had heard she was mean but she was really nice to me. Good times. not really actually. My Saturday could have been a lot more fun but it's ok. I helped out a lot. It was fine.   I'm getting annoyed with the boy. I'm not even sure why but he's annoying me. That's for sure.  Oh well. I think it'd actually just be better if I stopped liking him. Much easier on me. That's for sure.   I'm listening to French rap right now...it makes me happy. :)  At least I got to hang out with Bryan and Chris tonight. That was a lot of fun. Good times.   OK, apparently every shift key on every keyboard hates me. Grrrr. Boooo keyboard.   Anyway, I'm so tired I'm about to fall over so...sleep time...Ta ta...Wow, I am just...so exhausted. I'm running on like, five hours of sleep and I just got home. I mean, I guess I could have been a smart kid and stayed home tonight and gone to bed at like..7:00 but nah...I ended up at john's house. It was actually really fun. it was Kel, Kath and me of course. Then, John already had some people over. Brett, Jamal, Faisil, Matt Allan, and Sam. So, that was a lot of fun. I don't get to hang out with them much. I played pool and actually won. I mean, my second to last shot, I did take while sitting on the pool table (a classic Faisil move) but still, it was awesome. We tried to watch Boondock Saints but with so many of us there it was too difficult.   Oh, it was hilarious. John and Jamal made these mugs out of wood and...I don't even know...just mugs made out of wood is funny.   Haha, I am so tired right now I can't even like...think straight. Wooo. good night to all and to all...a good night...So, this weekend has already been really good and it's not even saturday yet. Wooo. last night was fun at the lock-in. Yeahh....kind of awkward at times and whatnot but...umm, yeah...  I tried to make the best of it in spite of certain circumstances that i don't really want to talk about. Anyway, I bowled SO much and I got my all time high score! A 144! That's seriously like...so amazing for me. I even beat Justin and Justin's like...really good! YaY! fun times. i also played Alex at air hockey. I lost...but not by much!!! It was fun. I'm glad I went.  So, then I came home and got four hours of sleep and had to get up for my trumpet lesson. That was alright. I'm really not prepared for tomorrow. It's going to be really bad but that's ok. I don't really care. it's not like an audition or anything. bless Alex's cousin's heart though! She's accompanying me like...last minute and she was good at playing the song too! That's amazing because a lot of people that I talked to were like..."umm, it'd take too long to learn it." So, apparently, it's a really difficult piano part but Rachel knew how to play it! I was so happy. She's so good too and really really nice.   Anyway, after my lesson I went and slept for another hour. Then, I went for my interview at Jewel. Woo. I have a job. they say you're supposed to be really excited for your first job and yet...I feel like I'm entering the fifth circle of Hell...  Oh well, I need to go. Going over to Kathryn's house. Aweeeesommmeee! it should be fun. I love weekends where I get to spend time with like...all my groups of friends.   Oh yeah, one more thing, I ABHOR THIS SHIFT KEY!!!!!!!!!!!!I have a LOT more to do tonight than I was thinking. eeeks.Blogger, blogger, blogger....you are my friend. la la la.   No, I'm really not on drugs....I suppose that's what's so odd about me. I'm like I am without any illegal substances to influence me.   Um, that's all i have to say for now. more later maybe...if I'm not too lazy.Oh man. This song is amazingly...i don't know what but it gets stuck in my head so easily. It's called, "this Love" by Maroon 5. Ah!  this love has taken it's toll on me...la la la....whoooo  I'm in a pretty decent mood right now actually, especially considering my Sunday so..that's pretty nice.  Today wasn't bad. I spent a lot of my school time finishing up my W.E.W. paper that I really should have finished about two weeks ago. Whoops. Oh well. I didn't want to talk with anyone much today anyway. I forgot my trumpet today though. That was kind of annoying. no good. Ah welllll.   I don't even feel like writing about my day except..i'm pretty sure I aced my math test. Boo yah Grandma. Wow...what a loserish saying and yet...it's great. Sort of...  I'm going to go be abnormal someplace else now where everyone doesn't have to witness it. Please exit by clicking the X in the upper right-hand corner of this webpage. thank you. Come again.Bad day. I don't even really want to write about it. I really just wish I could go to the funeral even though I hate funerals. Oh well. I think maybe i'll just go eat and then go to sleep really early. that would be nice. Good night everyone.It seems really quiet today. Like...i don't een know. maybe it's because it's really windy out but...everything seems so desolate. Odd...very odd...I went to see LOTR, Return of the King and actually saw the last 20 minutes! It was great! I cried SO much though. I think I'm glad i didn't see those last 20 minutes with Brandon and Peter. I would've made a fool of myself crying. Heh. It was great though. Even better than the first time actually. I really, really enjoyed it.   Tomorrow, I definitely need to do some homework. I should probably start working on my psych project and I definitely need to work on my paper for W.E.W. and get that done with.   Oh, today at the mall. I went to Hollister and got a sweater for $6, good deal. :) I also got a pair of pants and a shirt from gap for like...$20. Not bad either considering it's Gap.   Heh heh, good old Martha....ah, that was amazing. Four counts...alll guilty. :) Wow, that's really mean of me isn't it? I shouldn't be reveling in her pain but I really am getting immense satisfaction out of this.  Anyway, I need to go sleep or something because I am absolutely exhausted. So long, farewell...I'm really glad tomorrow's Friday and that this week will be over. :) It just hasn't been very good.Today is just one of those days where I'm realllly annoyed with everyone and everything. Like, I just don't want to talk to anyone because I know if I do, I'll get annoyed with them and potentially say something mean that...I wouldn't say under normal circumstances. Ugh.  I have so much homework to do so, I'm off to do it. Bye.Wow, I slept for sooo long. I woke up at like, 1:00'ish.  I guess I just desperately needed to catch up on sleep.  It felt good though. And now, I think I'm going to start my psych project. That shouldn't be too bad. It might actually even be fun.Sp-sp-sp-spring breakkkk! Oh yeah! :) I'm so happy it's spring break. My teachers were even like...semi decent and didn't give me a ton of hw over break. I might actually go do it now or something just to have it done with. Then today, I have a doctor's appointment then work. Blah. I get off at 8:00 though so I'm hoping maybe I can do something after then. I'm determined to do something with like..every single one of my friends over break which means the people who are leaving on vacation next week, I have to do stuff with this weekend. I think only Kels and Peter are going away, so thankfully that's only two people.   Unfortunately though, I have a bit of a cold. It's not too bad though so I should be fine by the end of the weekend and it's not going to stop me from enjoying my spring break. :)  Anyway, I'm going to go do that homework and just have it done with. Maybe I'll write more later since I have a lot of time now! :)Haven't updated in a bit. Right now I'm just taking a bit of a break from my psych project. It's actually been pretty fun doing this project. Probably the only project I've ever had fun doing.  Anyway, this weekend was ok. i decided to go to the band lock-in. It was alright I guess. A bit long but, not bad in the long run. I mostly hung out with Allyce, Brandon, Chris, Peter, etc.  Eh.  Saturday, I went out to lunch with Kathryn and Mary Clare and we walked downtown Naperville a bit. That was quite fun. Yummy. YaY Noodles. Then, I went to a cocktail party last night. that was fun. :) I didn't drink anything but it was still a lot of fun.   Nothing more to say really and I do need to get back to my project.So, yesterday was fun. I went out with Carson to brunch. :) We went to Einstein's and I got my PB&J bagel. Yum yum. After that though, the day kind of went downhill.  I had to work which kind of sucked because I worked for six hours and...I've now decided that's the worst shift to work. You get a paid 15 minute break every four hours but if you work for six hours, you get gypped. You still only get one break. So, blah. I had to push carts for two hours too since they scheduled one person to do it for four hours in a row. Boooo. :( Then today I'm working from 3-11. Byebye last two nights of spring break. Ah well. I don't care anymore. I just really don't want to go back to school yet. Usually I'm ready but I'm  definitely not now. I don't want to see people. Hah. I've seen most of the people I want to see over spring break outside of school. With the exception of a few of course but still...I'd eventually see them outside of school. So, boo school.   And now, I have to go find something to eat and do something relaxing before work. Ugh. Shoot me. :)Wow. Last night was a ton of fun. :) I'm so glad I got to go! Diane brought ice cream from TCBY and we had pizza and we stayed up really late and....yeah, it was just fun. :)  I can't really say much more heh....I guess I could but it wouldn't make sense to anyone.  20, 8, 14, 10, 20, 6, 12! Haha. Wow, what a fun night.  Oh, I also got to see Earth Girls Are Easy! That's a really funny movie. Anyway, I must be off now.So, tonight should be lotsa fun! I'm going to Katharine's to sleep over with Diane and Kelly. I never get to hang out with any of them so, it'll be tons of fun...well, I hope! Should be though. :)   Tomorrow, I'm going to hang out with Kathryn (the other one, heh) then I'm going to Noodles for dinner with Carson. I've been craving some Noodles mac and cheese so...that's exciting. Yum. :) This weekend's going to be a bummer though. I'm working on Friday 6-10, Sat. 3-11 and Sunday, 6-11. Blahhh. :( There go my weekend nights.   Anyway, I have to get going. I hope everyone's enjoying their spring break. :)Crap, it's one of those, "feel sorry for yourself" days. Dag nabbit. I HATE those days. This sucks. I hate feeling sorry for myself. Stupid Catie...STOP FEELING SORRY FOR YOURSELF!!!I do need to write more often though. I'll try to post more often...again. I know I say that a lot. I haven't been on my comp a lot though so...don't hate me.Hmmm.....I have some enegy so...I decided to write a bit. I had to work tonight so I'm surprised I have any energy actually. Heh. Well, my spring break has been pretty uneventful so far. I haven't hung out with a whole lot of people so, I'm hoping I'll get to for the rest of the week. So, I just decided I don't really feel like writing. Haha. I'm such a weirdo. So, I'll be on my merry way...la la la...So, I do need sleep since I have to work at 7:30 tomorrow morning but I said I'd finish this later and that's what I shall do.   Anyway, Kathryn's house last night was...interesting. I was in such a bad mood and...in ways it was nice to be with them and it was terrific spending time with Joanne but Kathryn seemed really mad for no reason and she was all snappy so...that sort of made it worse.  Haha and we definitely had some interesting conversations. It was fun, really...I just wish I hadn't been in such a bad mood. We went to sleep at like 2:00 and I had to leave her house at 7:30 because I had work at 8:00 but I actually slept. Like...I never sleep soundly at sleepovers and I slept through it and wasn't in too much pain when I woke up.    So then, I went to work with MUCH reluctance. Like...wow....I didn't want to go AT ALL. Like, you have no idea how much I loathed everyone and then...I don't know, as the day went on at work, my mood got better. I don't know. I work with this hilarious kid named Javan. I love him so much! He's such a nice kid and he always makes the time go by faster. YaY! Kathryn, Kel, Joanne and MC also all came in! That was a nice surprise. After work I went out to Red Lobster for dinner (us Catholics and our silly Good Friday) Then, I talked to Carson on the phone and it was odd. She didn't act like anything happened. Odd. Anyway, we talked about our little...plan...  Anyywayyyy, then I went to John's house. It was super fun. It was obviously me, Joanney, Kathryn, Mary Clare, Jamal, Faisil, Matt, Brett and Brett's German, Tim.... :) Oh, Neil was there for a bit too!  Oh and...little update...I'm totally getting over "the boy" for another guy now....I think. :) Hehe, and now...I must go sleep.  Oh gosh....I''d also like to say...Pat is like, the nicest, awesomest kid I know! He totally just made my night. Anyway, au revoir.Before I even start writing, I'd like to say one thing. Joanne and Mary Clare, stop reading now. I know how boring my entries are. :)  So, yesterday sucked. Like, it had the potential to be fun but it definitely sucked...until I got to Kathryn's house which was actually sort of...bad in certain ways too. It started at lunch when I met Joanne in the band room and Carson came in at the same time and...oh, it was unfortunate. Carson was really upset about it and when I went to go see if she was ok I told her I was sorry and that I really didn't know they'd meet there. I didn't know Carson would be going to the band room too. And she's like, "I could have used a warning," in this really sarcastically mean voice. It just really bothered me because it wasn't my fault at all. I'm not giving up either of them as friends because they don't get along very well anymore. Grrrrr.  TThen, I got my paycheck. YaY! That did make me happy although it was reduced from $118 to about $99 because of the stupid union and federal taxes and whatnot. Boo  union. Oh well. That's still a nice chunk of change. 18 hours of work. Then, I went to jazz cafe and I was having a lot of fun, I really was but there weren't a lot of people dancing really so, a couple of us were trying to get people to dance more and apparently it offended JSO and Rob Parton or something. I mean, only one person said that to me but he said parents thought so too. I honestly wasn't trying to disrespect anyone. I was trying to be appreciative of the great music and dance. Miscommunication sucks. But then other people seemed not mad at all after I talked with them last night so...I don't know. I just hope Rob wasn't offended. He seemed like a really cool guy and he was really good. :)  Anyway...then I went to Kathryn's for the sleepover and...the saga continues after I go out to eat with my family. More later.So, today was pretty good. I haven't written since I had to work from 4-10 last night. At least Il'll get a nice paycheck. :)   I've just been reveling in the fact that I got home at 7:30. That's so early for me nowadays. I actually got some time to myself! I've had a chance to think a lot about stuff that I just honestly haven't had time for.  I've been having a lot of weird dreams lately and about stuff that I used to wish I could make myself dream about but now...I just wish  it'd go away. I'm sick of it. It's my own fault but I'm still sick of it. Wy am I such a chicken? Like...seriously...I need to just be honest. I don't understand why I can't just tell people stuff. I really don't. Like, everything makes  completely logical sense in my head and then...I can't do what I tell myself to do. Grrrr! Og well, I'm done for tonight. I'm sorry I haven't been writing. You probably don't want to see my writing anyway. Something good did happen today though. I got a good grade on the French test that I thought I bombed that everyone else did actually bomb.  Ah, good times. Oh well....I'll leave you with this.It's definitely been running through my head lately.  Sometimes I walk alone at night When everybody else is sleeping I think of him and I'm happy With the company I'm keeping The city goes to bed And I can live inside my head  On my own Pretending he's beside me All alone I walk with him till morning Without him I feel his arms around me And when I lose my way I close my eyes And he has found me  In the rain the pavement shines like silver All the lights are misty in the river In the darkness, The trees are full of starlight And all I see is him and me Forever and forever...I'll write more later but...for right now, all i have to say is...WEIGHTED ESSAY WRITING SUCKS!!!So, it was really really weird. I had this dream last night and I woke up absolutely ecstatic  and then reality slapped me in the face and I was really really mad but once I got to thinking about it, I was even more mad...not because reality slapped me in the face but because I shouldn't have been ecstatic about the dream. I was supposed to be over it. Spring break was supposed to help me get over it and I thought it had. I really did but...no. I'm definitely not if I was that excited and then that bummed about it. My wise words of the day....BOYS SUCK.   Anyway, I'm  off to run errands and such and I still have to finish up my homework for tonight AND I have to work from 6-11...I think...Well, tomorrow is Washington.Um, yay? I don't know. I hope it's fun but I'm not so sure. Spending 24/7 with people for five days is...I don't know, could be potentially tiring . Oh well. I need to go pack and stuff and then tonight is Jo's last night here :( It seems like she got here just yesterday. No good. Anyway, I'm off to pack and whatnot.Yesterday was pretty ok. I worked for seven hours and I didn't think I was going to get two breaks but they gave me two breaks so it was really nice. I'm going to have a massive paycheck this week except, I wont be there to pick it up because of Washington D.C. Anyway, after I got home, I went out shopping with my mom and we picked up my brother so he could be here for Easter. I got a new cell phone which is aweeeesssooommmeee! :)  I also got these really cool pants, a cute little backpack thing, headphones, and a new phone for my room since my old one broke. Good times. :)  Then, today I had to work too so...um, woo? Easter dinner was nice and now, I'm going to go home with my mom and brother so I can see my brother's  kitty. Plus, I want to get myself some starbucks on the way home. Some hot chocolate. Don't ask me why I want hot chocolate, I just have a hankerin'. Heh. Funny word. Anyway, I'm off. Lots to do.Did I mention how much I detest A Auditions? Or just auditions in general? I just wanted to clarify...So, OK, if you know me, which you probably should since you're here, you should know that I bsolutely hate A Audition day Like....not just hate, more like...loathe with a deep ceded burning passion that eats away at the soul...  I'm really nervous and I'm not as prepared as I would have liked to be. Not at all. :( Gah. Oh well. We'll see. I might get to do the musical though!!! Since Matt can't do it and Greg can't...Whoooo!!!!!!!!!!!! I hope I get to do it.   Anyway, I need to go. I'm driving my mom to her outpatient surgery. Not a big deal but she'll be on drugs so she needs someone to drive. Lucky me. :)So, Washington D.C. was so much more fun than expected. Confusing at times and weird but much more fun than expected. There's so much about it and so many inside jokes that just can't even write all about them. Our bus driver was INSANE! Ah, good times, good times. I'm really tired from the trip though. We actually did a lot of stuff. We went to Arlington, the Lincoln memorial, the war memorials, we went on this tour of the city with this crazy feminist lesbian tour guide, we went to the international spy museum!! We went to the Smithsonion, and we went on this nice little cruise thing the last night we were there. It was all really really nice. :) I had a good time with people. I didn't even really get annoyed with anyone.  Some strange stuff happened and I got a lot of thinking done and i realized a lot of stuff too. Good times, good times. Anyway, I have a million homework assignments to do so...off I go, tra la la...So, unbelievable as it is, I'm actually going out tonight with friends. Like...with real people. No bagging groceries for me tonight! :) YES! I'm going to go see the musical, Bells Are Ringing. This week was pretty long  but not too bad. The ACT's weren't as bad as I thought they were going to be but they did make me think a little. The PSAE's were a joke. The math section actually insulted my intelligence or lack thereof. If boxes of envelopes cost .09 cents each and you buy 12 boxes, how much do you spend?  And whats funny is that that was the longer of the two tests. Then, today I took the SAT's which weren't too bad. It was all just vocab and math.  Really not difficult stuff. I didn't even have my calculator and I felt fine.   Last night, I babysat for these three kids under 6. Vinnie, the littlest one who's almost two is so adorable! Oh my gosh! He's such a sweet little boy. Then Angela, who's three is...well....ugh. She's going through that stage where she's like, "I'm not getting what I want so I think I'll scream." I was just like, nuh uh, you're not playing that game with me sweetie. I know you and your games. I WAS you. I know your tricks. And then there's Joey who's...really a very nice kid. He's 6 so he's a little less difficult to take care of. He can kind of handle things more on his own. It wasn't too bad I guess but...I don't know, it was stressful. Plus, they have a nine month old puppy who's teething. Gah. That was sort of annoying. Oh well, At least I made some money.   I think Jewel is, A. slowly killing me or, B. slowly taking away my soul. I want to quit so much but something's keeping me from doing it. And one of my many, many bosses, Sharon is an extreme...erm.....bitter woman.  Oh well, I'm not talkjing about Jewel anymore in here...until tomorrow when I have to work 9-2. Gah. Oh well.   Anyway, oh...I also asked Nathan to prom. I think we're going. I have to make sure but I'm pretty sure we are. This should be an interesting experience...  Anyway, I'm off to shower, eat then go out with my friends for the first time in like...weeks!! :)So, I got first chair in Wind Ensemble. That's pretty nice. I'll write more later but right now I don't feel much like writing.My blog is infinitely more important than you. You know who you are you...you evil chocolate cake hater.Alright so, A auditions  weren't that bad. Probably because I was on drugs (legal drugs) so I wouldn't have a panic attack and stop breathing...not that that's happened before or anything...  Anyway, haha, this weekend was pretty fun after A auditions. A auditions weren't even bad. I hung out with people. It was cool. Plus, Alstadt said some pretty nice stuff so, that made me happy.  Anyway, the rest of this weekend, all I really did was work. I went shopping today though! I went to Woodfield! I'd never been there before. It's sooo nice. I bought tons of stuff. :) YaY! I think I'm like...addicted to shopping though. That's not good...  Anyway, I'm off to clean my room then I'm going to sleep uber early tonight...I hope.So, last night was fun. I babysat which wasn't too bad. I just put them in front of the TV and they were occupied for hours. It was so great. :) Anyway, after that, I went and hung out with Bryan since I had a good two and a half hours until I had to be home. It was good fun. We just drove around and talked. Good, carefree, fun times. Today, I worked. It wasn't too bad since it was only four hours. I only work one day this week. Tuesday. :) YES! And it's only for three hours. Double yes! Tonight, I just stayed at home since everyone I know is either A. working, B. at drumshow, or C. out of town. Bummer. But, it's ok. I went and rented Freaky Friday. Such a cute movie. :) I had a mental health night. Good times.I win.OK, so, Im beating the system. Im afraid someone will see me typing in my blog thing so Im typing this on word, saving it to a disk and then putting it on my own computer when I get home. Wow, Im such a loser46+. Bryans an idiot32-. Again, Bryan being an idiot. Shock shock. I promised Id continue on yesterday so I guess I will. It sucked a lot. Like, school was alright I guess. Kind of boring until eighth hour at least. We got to hear schizophrenics talk about their lives and whatnot. It was pretty cool/interesting. Then I had to go straight to work and work until 9 though so that sucked. Oh my GodBryans scary. Bryans trying to think of something to write in here so, this could take a while. This weekend should be alright after I get past babysitting tonight. And, I stop there for a few moments for words of wisdom from Bryan. (and by wisdom, I mean idiocy.)  Idiocy, indeed. Some may have heard this already, but I feel obligated to notify as many people as humanly possible. Currently, more money is being spent on Viagra than on Alzheimers research. This means that by the year 2050, we will have a large population of elderly people with large boners and peeky boobs with no recollection of what to do with them. I just feel the world should know. Go and spread the word.  OK, well, we all appreciate Bryans little bit of information. Kind of an interesting fact actually. Sad, too. I think its also sad that medical insurance covers Viagra but doesnt cover birth control. Is it me or is that sexist? Perhaps Im just stupid. Yes, thats it. Not that Im in need of birth control but it seems rather silly. Anyway, tomorrow night, Im gonna party like theres no tomorrow. I end work at 7:00, which leaves me a good five hours ofwhatever I want to do before I need to be home. YaY! Anyway, Im sick of writing for now so, thats it.   OK, I guess I can let you all know how moronic I am. I was planning on saving this to a disk, right? Well, theres this bright yellow post-it thingy on the top of the computer that says, Disk drive A does not work. Im posting this anyway, all stealth like. Here I go*hums theme to James Bond*Today was definitely not my favorite day of the week, although one funny thing did happen. I don't feel like writing though so, I'll write tomorrow night depending on what time I get home from babysitting.Man, I've just been thinking a lot back to last year. It was really awful. This year has been so much better. I even completed my one goal for the year, even if it was a superficial goal. It's crazy how different last year was from this year. This summer's going to suck though. big time I'm going to have to say goodbye to so many good friends and...yeah. I don't know. I told Bryan something too. Something I've been needing to tell someone for a long time. It felt good to tell someone something I've waited so long to tell someone I really trust and, I don't know, it felt right telling him. Funny how things turn out. I didn't even think I was going to be able to be friends with him at all a few months ago.   Anyway, I forgot what I was writing about because I was disturbed by a barrage of IM's so, I'm out of here. Good night.So, I'm really not looking forward to the next two days but the weekend should be sort of fun and then next weekend will hopefully be really fun too. I've been kind of sick the past few days. Yesterday was the worst. i had a fever and I was seriously like...seeing things. It was no good. Not to mention I was coughing a lot and couldn't breathe through m,y nose. I've still got the cough but my nose is starting to clear up and my fever's gone. Whoo! Bryan's really sick too. I'm worried about him. He has like, a really bad stomach flu or something. I hope he feels better really soon. The stomach flu, to me, is like, the worst out of any flu. I hate throwing up. It's terrible. Anyway, heh, the section leader meeting Monday was alright. We just talked about how we can improve stuff next year and we're actually getting the music soon! YES! Wow, I'm such a loser.   Anyway, tomorrow wont be any fun since I have to work from 4-9 and then Friday I have to babysit from 4 until whenever they get home which, hopefully, wont be too late. This weekend should be cool though. Mother's day...I'm esdited. My brother's coming home so we're all going to hang out. I actually sort of miss him. I know that's weird but, I don't know. It's weird not having him around all the time. Plus, I get along with him so much better now. Probably because he's not around 24/7. Saturday night, I'm hoping to do something with someone. I get off work at 7:00 so, that's pretty nice. I have some of my Saturday night left.   And, I did find out. Haha, we are going to prom but yeah....the group situation's kinda messed up right now. I don't know. This might be really weird. Who knows? I guess I'll find out. It can;t be all that bad though. At least I get to dress up!! I hope Nathan has a tux... oh dear....hah, I can tell next week's going to be hectic.   I'm outta here. I'm going to bed really early because, although my fever's down, I'm still not feeling great.Oh man, I'm going to hurt Kelly. My cold all of a sudden attacked me last night. Like, it was kind of there for a while and then last night I just couldn't stop coughing and I had this pounding headache and ah, I feel so crappy. I slept for a long long time though. Thank you Benodryl. I feel a little better than before but, by no means great. I'm going to go lie down for a little bit more.Last night was good fun. Great times. Really. It was so nice to be out with my friends and just...not worry about stuff. there's so much going on right now. I think my head's going to spin off into another dimension. Although that'd probably be pretty cool looking, I wouldn't be able to see it since it'd be my head.   The musical itself was really good too. It was very funny and I loved the music. I think it's my favorite one in the three I've been to. I liked it better than Man of La Mancha  definitely.   Today, work was ok. I got my review and they just basically said, "good job." It was like, three minutes. no big thing. I'm not fired.  Is that really a good thing though...?  Anyway, I'm off to do some stuff and work on my W.E.W. paper and then later on I'm going over to Bryan's to work on our final project for W.E.W.. Good times.I hate it when this happens. You talk to a person every once in a while and every time you talk to them you realize how much you enjoy talking to them and how much you want to be better friends with them but you don't know exactly how to go about this. Oh, woe is me...hah.YaY for it being Friday!!! How awesome is that? YaY for there only being 12 days of school left. YaY for the fact that I get to go to One Acts' with my friends tonight to see MC. YaY for life in general being good right now. :)  So, today was a pretty good day. We got to be on Good Morning America for marching band. That's so neat. First the Nicolas Cage movie and now Good Morning America. I knew marching band would pay off somehow someday. :) Anyway, that was fun and then...school. Blah, blah, blah. That was pretty dull.  I'm ao excited I get to go out with my friends tonight. It's just amazing. :) YaY One Acts'. Whoooo.   I also get my car back today which is really nice. I thought it'd take longer. Plus, it only cost 60 bucks. I thought repairing my brakes would be a few hundred so, that's nice. :) Anyway, I'm off to go do something other than homework because...A. I don't have any and B. it's Friday.  :-DSo, I have a minute or two before I have to go for my trumpet lesson. Today was alright. Kate arrival which is nice. I kind of went to sleep late last night though because I had a lot of homework.   I talked to Brandon today. I thought about it and realized life's too short to dwell on stuff and I stopped giving him the cold shoulder. I'd rather not have any regrets before this year is over and I would have regretted not making up with him.   Anyway, I must be off. YaY trumpet lesson...Oh man! I now have a comments part of this page so, you better all leave comments. If you don't, I'll castrate you. Well, there's supposed to be. I guess we shall see.OK, so, prom. Hmmm. It started out kind of rocky. I finally lost it on Brandon for all the times he's made cracks about my vision and stuff. He made some innapropriate rude comment not even about that and I just...lost it on him. Then, I cried. Yes, I actually cried. I NEVER cry. Of all times to cry...prom. Oh well, I got over it pretty quickly. I think I was actually more upset because I was upset by what he, of all people, said. Like, I was mad at myself for even being upset about what he said. I'm still pretty angry at him actually. I don't even really want to talk to him. He needs to grow up and realize what he says and does has consequences. He said something about Matthew the other day too that really made Matthew angry. It would have made me angry too. Ugh. I just wish he'd grow up.   Anyway, now that I'm done with the unpleasant part of the evening, it was actually pretty fun with Nathan. I was surprised. He even danced. It was funny. Half of what he said was, "what?" though. That wont seem funny to anyone else but when I look back on this in like, 20 years, I'll know what I'm talking about and probably piddle my trousers because I'm laughing so hard. And here is my funny little prom story...well, I think it's funny...  So, oh wait, I have two...  First, the saltines which probably wont seem funny to anyone but the people in my group. So, we're sitting there starving, (we were literally the first people there) and we see saltines on the table and so we're all eating these saltines and we ran out, and we're just like..."damnit...we need more saltines." So, we first plot to steal some from the other tables but we were afraid that while we were stealing them, somebody would be walking to that table. So, the waiter walks by and Nathan just, all of a sudden goes, "Hey, can we please have some more saltines?" The guy gave us the WEIRDEST look ever. It was so funny. Then, he brought us back like...so many packages of saltines. Ir was awesome. OK, now the even better story.  When we got to our table we were looking around and looking at the table and stuff and I was like, "Wow, these are nice plates. We should pillage them." But, we figured out they were too big to hide so Nathan's like, "Ok, we'll steal the forks." And so, he takes one of the forks and sticks it in his tux jacket pocket on the inside and I THOUGHT he put it back, only to have this conversation at the end of the night...  Nathan: Here. Keep this as a memento.   And then, he just pulls the fork out of his pocket and hands it to me.  Me: You took the fork?!?!?! I thought you put it back!  Nathan: They WANT you to take the silverware...  Hahaha. So, now I have a fork from Drury Lane. :) Nice memory to have.   This morning was so painful though. I woke up at 8:30 to go to work and, ugh. It was so painful. Oh well. I think I'm going to go sleep now. I'm super tired.  Sorry for the bummer of an opener to this.Wow, what a nice end to such a stressful week. This week was like...so frustrating it's not even funny. The weighted essay paper was due and I was flipping out about that and then we had that thing 7th and 8th hour yesterday to play for this guy who helped capture Saddam. That's pretty cool I guess but it just added to the stress. THEN, last night we had our concert, which was like...three hours long. We didn't play very well either. My brother came and I was so super surprised. I wish he would have come to a concert with songs I like though. Oh well. Such is life. Then, today, I slept in and my mom let me go in after first hour since first hour is just band and we weren't doing anything anyway. It was nice. However, I had a bunch of tests today and I have my psych final on Tuesday. Eek. I have to get an A on it to get an A in the class. I'm stressed. Hah. Oh well. Summer is almost here. YaY!  So, tonight. Well, actually...I'll start with this afternoon. This afternoon SUCKED. Marching rehearsal was so bad. I don't even know what I'm going to do next year. Today's marching rehearsal made me want to quit ten times more than I already wanted to quit. Ugh. Oh well. I'll end up doing it and I know I will. So, that sucked. It was possibly the most frustrating time I've ever had with people.   Then, I came home and called Kelly and, I thought I was going to meet up with her, Kathryn, and MC at Seven Bridges to go see Shrek 2, but when I got there, it ended up being them plus Emily, Kirby, Rick, Tom, Steve, and Roger. It was crazy. We had like...a whole row. Haha. Shrek 2 was really funny too. I didn't think it was a kids movie at all though. It didn't seem like little kids would enjoy it. I guess they'd enjoy it for the animation and whatnot, but I can't see little kids understanding half the jokes in that movie. Then, we all went to Tom's house. Holy cow, his house is HUGE. There's a ton of land too and he has this ginormous barn. Oh man. Coolest place ever. We played ghost in the graveyard! I haven't played that in FOREVER! Then we made some prank calls, haha, not really pranks since they knew who we were but it was still funny nonetheless. Then we played like...6th grade Truth or Dare. It was hilarious. Then Rick drove me home. And...yeah, here I am...writing in my bloggy blog and in a very good mood after a very long week. :) I like being happy and not stressed out.I made cookies. How cool is that? Cookies are awesome. I got my ACT scores back today too. Not too bad, but I think I'll take them again just to see if I can do better. My score now is definitely satisfactory. Not what I expected at all. It was a nice surprise in a day full of...hmmm....annoyance...So, I've decided to use my bad moodness to do productive stuff. I'm going to go bake cookies while doing my laundry and my history final study guide. Oh yeahh....I just want this year to be over so much. I want to get away from most people and just be on my own for a bit. why can't people realize that they're going too far? Why don't they know when enough is enough and too much is too much? Gah. I'm too annoyed to write.*Tonight, Tonight* Time is never time at all You can never ever leave without leaving a piece of youth And our lives are forever changed We will never be the same The more you change the less you feel  Believe, believe in me, believe That life can change, that you're not stuck in vain We're not the same, we're different tonight Tonight, so bright Tonight  And you know you're never sure But your sure you could be right If you held yourself up to the light And the embers never fade in your city by the lake The place where you were born  Believe, believe in me, believe In the resolute urgency of now And if you believe there's not a chance tonight Tonight, so bright Tonight  We'll crucify the insincere tonight We'll make things right, we'll feel it all tonight We'll find a way to offer up the night tonight The indescribable moments of your life tonight The impossible is possible tonight Believe in me as I believe in you, tonightSo, this weekend has been pretty decent. I went to One Acts' Friday night. It was tres funny. I liked it a lot and MC was SO good! YaY MC!!! Yesterday I had to work for eight hours which wasn't too fun but, what can you do? I came home and I planned on going to sleep but then I started talking to some people. I talked to brett for over two hours. Crazy.   Today I'm working from 2 to 7 and that's really all I'm doing. I need to go to the police station, too to get statistics for my weighted essay writing final paper. Gah. No good. I'm really, really excited for summer. Sleeping in, being with my friends, Caseville!! Well, hopefully Caseville. I also am hoping to go downtown a lot. Maybe hang out at my brother's appartment while he's gone. I love downtown Chicago. It's like, the coolest place ever. I'm also thinking of maybe going to Six Flags once or twice. I want to get a season pass but I think you need four people to get one or something.   This summer should be fun. I think I'm going to be doing a lot of college searching though. I've definitely got it narrowed to a few schools downtown chicago. Probably UIC, DePaul, Loyola, or Northwestern. We shall see, we shall see. I'm already getting excited for college. Mostly, I guess, I'm excited to get away from my high school. I don't know. I guess people are ok but...there are a lot of really annoying people in my school. I've also decided to volunteer at MarianJoy this summer too. That should help me a lot with getting some hands-on experience for OT.   Alright, this is getting too long and I'm sick of typing. I woke up pretty early this morning and didn't go to bed until like, 1:00, thanks to someone. Hah.I had such a fun night. It was so nice. Matthew came over and brought me pizza and we went to Stephens house with it and hung out there for a bit. Then we helped Jim move his aunt's car into her garage. Well, actually, Stephen and Matthew did, not me. Anyway, after that we went to Stephens house for a bit more. then Matthew, Chris, and I all went to the park and we ALMOST got caught by a cop. It was so narrow. We left just as this cop was coming. Someone must've called him. No good. We weren't doing anything wrong. Just sitting and talking.   So, then Matthew went home and Chris and I drove around for a looong time. It was really nice just hanging out with him again. I missed him. Anyway, I realllly need sleep so, au revoir.So, today was even worse than yesterday. Today made me realize that the seniors really are gone and aren't coming back. I miss Brandon and Peter and Justin so SO much. They were some of my best friends. Well, more Brandon and Peter on the best friends part. Brandon will at least be around some next year but Peter....I think he's the senior I'm going to miss most right now just because I have the feeling I'll never get to talk to him because he's going to Notre Dame. It makes me super sad. I almost cried when I was talking to Allyce about it today but, I was good. I managed to hold it in. Then...there's Chris. We've been through so much and I'm really, really going to miss him but with him...it's different too because I know I'll talk to him and see him and stuff. With Peter, I just have this awful feeling that I'll never ever get to see him again. :( Although, Chris...even though I'll see him and talk to him, I don't know. It's hard to let him go. He knows me so well and, we've talked about everything. He's been such an amazing best friend. Sigh. OK, I need to stop before I start crying again.   Anyway, other than that, the day was bleh. I just want this year to be over. Senior year, here I come baby. It better be amazingly awesome. Well, I must be off. I'm going to hang out with Matthew and Chris. I hope I don't cry when I see Chris. Haha. I'll feel like a moron. :) Although, I wouldn't feel weird crying around Chris. Not like I would around most people. With Chris, I'd literally cry on his shoulder and not feel bad about it at all. Oh well. I'm out. Peace. Oh yeah, one more thing, sorry for the depressing entry MC. :)So, today was really pretty depressing and...I guess happy all at once. I mean, I'm happy for the seniors, I am. I'll just...miss a few of them a whole heck of a lot. I told myself I wouldn't cry but, I definitely did cry a little at the end of the day. Oh well. I'll get to hang out with some of them this summer hopefully.   I got my final back for psych. YES! I have an A in the class. Ohh yeah! Whoo! Hah. That made me happy obviously.   So, okay...senior prank story, which had the potential to be really funny but...ended up being sort of a flop. The seniors planted a tree in the middle of the football field which, is quite funny. Then, at the beginning of fourth hour (thnk you seniors, I didn't have my French homework done) someone pulled the fire alarm. So, we all go outside and I think the plan was that we would all go outside and see the tree. However, they removed it this morning. No good. THEN, we all started to feel these little droplets of rain and we're all like, "uh oh." So, A. the tree wasn't even there and, B. the seniors themselves got wet from the rain when they were all nicely dressed up. :( Poor seniors. What a bummer of a prank.   Anyway, I'm going to go now. I have to do my math packet for Danbom's class. Ugh.So, today and yesterday were pretty good. I didn't end up going to the bbq yesterday because, A. it was raining and B. none of the girls were going so, it might have been awkward. I ended up going shopping, which I was going to do anyway, but yeah...it was cool. Fun times. Then, I studied like crazy for my psych final last night. That's the first final I've ever really studied for in high school. I'm hoping I did well. I felt good about it today but...who knows. There were a few things I was unsure on because I didn't know they were going to be on the final.   Hah. I was the only one at commencement rehearsal this morning....well, the only trumpet. Nathan and Zach aren't even doing it. Things are going to suck next year without Matt, Peter, and Dave. Ick. Heh, speaking of which, we got our yearbooks today and Peter wrote this super super nice message in mine. It made me really really happy when I read it.  I'm going to miss him a ton. He's one of the seniors I'm going to miss most. I've gotten to be pretty good friends with him the past year and, I don't know, it'll just be weird without him around. Oh well. I guess that's what happens.   And, for some reason, I'm extremely tired tonight so, I think I'm going to try to go to sleep really soon. Night.I can show you the world Shining, shimmering, splendid Tell me, princess, now when did You last let your heart decide?  I can open your eyes Take you wonder by wonder Over, sideways and under On a magic carpet ride  A whole new world A new fantastic point of view No one to tell us no Or where to go Or say we're only dreaming  A whole new world A dazzling place I never knew But when I'm way up here It's crystal clear That now I'm in a whole new world with you Now I'm in a whole new world with you  Unbelievable sights Indescribable feeling Soaring, tumbling, freewheeling Through an endless diamond sky  A whole new world Don't you dare close your eyes A hundred thousand things to see Hold your breath - it gets better I'm like a shooting star I've come so far I can't go back to where I used to be  A whole new world Every turn a surprise With new horizons to pursue Every moment red-letter I'll chase them anywhere There's time to spare Let me share this whole new world with you  A whole new world That's where we'll be A thrilling chase A wondrous place For you and meSometimes, it makes me really sad that chris and i aren't very good friends anymore but, i guess I kind of saw it coming so, I guess I should just live with it. I don't know. I kind of miss being able to talk with him and stuff. Iy's just a bummer and especially before he leaves. I kind of hoped we'd stay friends at least until he went to college.   Honestly, i don't even know how to act around him anymore. I'm just...cold to him and it makes me feel terrible whihc is why I hate talking to him now. I don't feel comfortable around him anymore. i don't even know him anymore. He's changed so much. I guess, maybe he hasn't changed so much just...i don't know, it's always this way when he;s in a relationship. I hate when things are like this because, I feel so discarded.So, yesterday was alright. This whole weekend's been pretty good actually. I had to work from 1:30 to 7:00 but 'eh, no big deal there. Then, I came home and hung around my brother's party for a bit. That was alright. Then, thankfully, Bryan called and saved me. I went to his house and we watched Aladdin. It was AWESOME. I haven't seen Aladdin in forever. So, good times.   Today I didn't do like...anything. Eek. I feel so unproductive. I watched Chicago and the first Shrek with my family. That was ok I guess. Tomorrow I have to wake up early for that stupid parade. Booo. I don't want to go really. Oh well. What to do, what to do? Anyway, I think I'm going to go sleep for a bit but...I meant to mention this a few days ago to MC and forgot to put it in here. Staying away from those kilts I hope? Hah.   XOXOYou know, I just noticed something with my entries for the past few days. They're bipolarish. I'm happy one day and having a good time and then, I'm sad the next or really angry/in a bad mood...the case for today. Heh. That's not good...  God, I wish MC, Kel, and Kath were here. I wish Joanne was here too. I wanted to hang out with Chris too and it doens't look like that's going to happen. He told me he was hanging out with Kristen today and then he didn't and I tried to get a hold of him but the first time I called a while back, he didn't answer because he was on the phone or something and the second time I called he was already out with Bryan and Matthew. Ugh. Today sucks.   Plus, I got mad at someone for the first time ever todaay...well, the first time ever being mad at them. I'm still kind of mad but, I guess not as much. I wouldn't have been mad had the conversation ended decently but, it didn't and thus...my angryness comes in. I get angry so rarely though. It's odd.All I want right now is me, myself and I. I want everyone else to just leave me alone.So, tonight was really fun even though I didn't really do anyting. Haha. I went out expecting to have dinner with MC and Kels which, we did. That was nice. Then, we went to DQ and ate ice cream in Kel's trunk. Haha. It was fun. People looked at us like we were so strange. So then, Kelly started driving us home but we were like, well...we don't really wanna go home, so...we went to Kel's house and just hung out for a while. Good fun. Then, Tom called and so we went with him and Stephen to Caribou. Yum. Hot chocolate with cookie crumbles. YUM! So, we just sat in Caribou for three hours talking and just...having a good time. I hadn't had the chance to get to know Stephen and Tom that well until tonight. Fun fun times. I hope we get a chance to do that again. I'm going to miss kath and kel and MC though over the next week. :(You know...it's funny how sometimes, the things you do that you don't even think about or that you do think about but see in a certain way are seen COMPLETELY differently by those around you. So, you end up hurting people completely unintentionally when you had maybe thought you were doing the right thing.So, I had a good long talk with Peter last night. It was nice. I haven't talked to him that much in a while. I've missed talking to him. It was fun. I also talked to Chris. He called me from U of I. :) Tha was nice of him. MC and I talked too. It was nice of her to say something. It makes me feel a lot better about the whole situation and I know they didn't mean to so, I'm really glad she said something. Haha, this is weird writing this knowing she reads it though. Hi MC!!! :) Haha. So, my day is starting off much better today.I called Kel back ans I guess things are ok. I just wish people would tell me if they didn't want to spend time with me instead of saying..."oh, well, I thought you'd be busy." And, if they do want to, I guess I just wish they'd take two minutes to call and ask me themselves if I'm busy. I haven't seen them that much for the past few months but that was due in large part to the fact that I was working. They know I'm not working anymore so I have some free time for a bit. Whatever. I guess I just needed to vent. I don't think they're doing that on purpose. I love them and they're great friends. I guess I was just a little hurt. Oh well. I'm going to sleep.I don't think I've ever felt worse or more left out or....I don't know, disliked by friends before. Well, I thought they were friends. It kinda seems like they don't even want to be anymore. Well, if they don't want to be, I guess that's their choice. This is almost three times this week. If I hadn't called yesterday, they weren't going to invite me either. I knew this summer would suck. Oh whatever, I don't care. I just wish they'd have told me earlier so I don't bother.Yeah for my last day of school being super awesome...well, after the actual finals. Kels, Kathryn and, I all went to MC's for this party of hers. I thought it was just going to be us and a few of the other kids from the neighborhood since her sister Maggie Rose is in elementary school. It ended up being this big thing. They had a moon walk and this water slide thing that was blown up with air and it was...so cool. Cold too! Haha! It was super fun. We had water balloon fights and, ah good times. MC got hit twice in the same way both times. It was hilarious. If you ever want to get her with a water balloon, just sneak up behind her and get her. Ah, it was fantastic. So, we hung around there for a while and then decided we wanted to go see Harry Potter. So, we all went home, showered, did whatever and then...we went to see Harry Potter!!! On IMAX nonetheless. It was awesome. I really liked it a lot. However, it was much darker than the first two movies. I'll admit it. I'm not going to lie, I was scared. Those dementors...ohhh...I've got chills and my room's stifling. Anyway, after that we just went to Tom's house and hung out for a while. We didn't really do anything but, it was fun. Lots of fun. Today was definitely one of the most fun days I've had in a long time. I think what helped make it so great was knowing I can sleep in as late as I want tomorrow. :) Unfortunately though, Kels and MC are going on a church thing starting this weekend and Kath is going to a wedding in Kansas. What am I supposed to do with my life while they're gone? Haha. Oh well. I'll find something constructive. I thought this entry would be longer and I probably would have made it longer but, I'm SO super tired and all I want to do right now is sleep. Just one thing before I go to sleep though....Wizards Gone Wild. Hah. Whooo, good times. Anyway, peace out and lots of love.  Oh yes...one last thing....this lady in the movie theater in front of me was so mean. I was accidentally leaning against her chair and like, instead of being nice about it and saying, "can you please not do that?" she was like, "sweetie, sweetie, I'm not an armrest" in this realllly sarcastic tone of voice. I wanted to hit her but...I was a good Catie. *pats self on back* :) Anyway, bon soir.Well, that's it. It didn't feel like the last day of school, but it definitely was. No more schoool! Whooo...except for summer school. That's gonna suck. Stupid band. If I weren't in band, I wouldn't have to take summer school. I'd have room in my schedule for the stuff I need to take. Grrrr. Oh well. I have a few free days.   My math test today wasn't bad at all. A lot easier than I expected. I also got my recommendation letter from Mrs. Kistler so now I can turn in my application at Marianjoy. Exciting stuff.   It's nice having this year over though. I think senior year will be a lot more fun and exciting and....well, honestly, there's a lot more to look forward to at the end of next year than there was this year. Although, I AM going out to lunch with my friends today. :) So, I had that to ook forward to.   So, I'm outta here. I'm gonna go have some summer fun! :)I'm writing in here just for you MC. i hope you know that.   So, today was pretty good. Except for gym but...I'll get to that. My French final wasn't too bad at all. the oral (shut up you sick pervs) part was a lot easier than I expected, but there were some parts to the regular part that were more difficult than I expected. Oh well. I'll just hope I did well. Anyway, gym was bad because right before I had to do my final routine for gymnastics, I got this AWFUL stomach ache. It was terrible. Like, I was doubled over in pain. Oh man. I shudder just to think of it. I did the routine though. I was tough. RAR!!!! TAKE THAT GYMNASTICS ROUTINE!! OK, I'm done, really.   Just a side note though. Don't you hate it when you aren't paying attention to what's being written and somehow your caps lock gets pressed and you start writing in caps and you don't relize it for a long time and you have to go back and change everything. Grrr caps lock. But yeah, after gymnastics, I went home and took a small nap. That was nice. It was only like...half an hour but it was BEAUTIFUL! Then, I drove all the way downtown Naperville and I'm looking for a spot so I can meet my friends at Noodles and my cell phone rings..."Hello?"..."Hey Catie. This is Kelly. I'm really sorry but...we're going to the Noodles in Bollingbrook." AHHHH! Haha. It was ok though. I just drove home. Then MC, Kel, and I all went to Noodles and it was super. Yum yum. Sexist soy sauce was there...hah. It never gets old to Kelly. She's so funny. Silly child. It was good seeing them though. I haven't seen them in a few days.   Tomorrow, I have my lunch final. That's gonna be a tricky one. I'm going to see if I can sleep through it...in my bed, at home. :) Then, I have math. Good times? Then, I'm going out to lunch with them AGAIN because Kath didn't get to go today. Heh. Should be fun though.   I found out Joanney's not coming home until August 5th. :( That makes me a very sad Catie.   Anyway, I'm off to sleep...or something. But first...a little song from Hillary Duff....  Hey now, hey now Hey now, hey now.... Have you ever seen such a beautiful night? I could almost kiss the stars They're shining so bright When I see you smiling I go Oh-oh-oh I would never want to miss this 'Cause in my heart I know what this is  Hey now, hey now This is what dreams are made of Hey now, hey now This is what dreams are made of I've got somewhere I belong I've got somebody to love This is what dreams are made of  Have you ever wondered what life is about? You could search the world and never figure it out You don't have to sail the oceans No-no-no Happiness is no mystery It's here and now It's you and me  Hey now, hey now This is what dreams are made of Hey now, hey now This is what dreams are made of I've got somewhere I belong I've got somebody to love This is what dreams are made of  Open your eyes This is what dreams are made of Shout to the sky This is what dreams are made of  When I see you smiling, I go Oh-oh-oh Yesterday my life was duller Now everything's technicolor  Hey now, hey now This is what dreams are made of... Hey now, hey now This is what dreams are made of I've got somewhere I belong I've got somebody to love This is what dreams are made ofI think I'm over him and then....I start walking toward him and see him do something and my breath just catches in my throat and I'm paralyzed for that moment in time just watching him be him.So, the last few days have been fun but kind of sad. I went and played at graduation Friday night. The last time I'll ever have to play for it. Whooo. We played Pom and Circumstance 9 and 1/2 times through. Then, Kristen, Matthew, and I left to go to Steak N' Shake to get some shakes. We also brought back some for Chris and Emily. Good times. Then after graduation, I just hung out with Chris and Kristen for a bit.   Yesterday, hm....I went to a few graduation parties. Less than I expected but, I couldn't get to the other few I was supposed to go to. I went to Brandon's with Allyce. That was fun. Alstadt and silder showed up. I was surprised, but I guess they were showing up at all the graduation parties. Then, Anna showed up and I went with her to Peter's party and I was there for a while waiting for Chris because I was supposed to meet up with him before going to Matt's. Ashley came to Peter's! I was so happy to see her. We're going to hang out this summer and she invited me to her graduation party. She's so nice. :) I miss having classes with her. But, yeah, it was fun. Then, I went to Matt's with Chris and that was pretty funny. There were some people there I didn't really know but...eh. It's ok. Then, Chris, Bryan and I just hung out. It was cool. Fun times.  Today, I must study for U.S. History. Well, I'm considering it at least. I definitely need to. Anyway, I'm out. :) Peace.So, the college visits were good. I'll probably write more tomorrow. I'm sad I missed Lindsay's party though. That was the only bad part about today. Oh well. I'm out.Good bye Naperville. Hello Chicago. :)Well, just got off the phone with Chris. Good times. It was nice talking with him. Anyway, I'm super tired and I have college visits tomorrow so, I'm out of here. Bon soir.Diane, you're awesome! Diane is the coolest person ever. I hope you all know that. Honestly, and I'm not even joking, it was difficult to part with the colors. I do miss them. However, I've moved on and, in memory of my colors, I have Cheer Bear as my picture. :) She makes me happy. And, although I do really like your template, if you want to change it, I say, go for it! (Wow...Catie's advice blog. Haha) Anyway, thank you for leaving a comment. I appreciate it so much. :) It made me feel special.This shall be a short entry. Two things.  1. Ibuprofen is Godly.  2. Guys suck. Not because they talk about sports constantly or because they are imature or because they don't always shower. Rather, they suck, because of the simple nature that they don't have to go through something once a month every year for about forty years. We're talking 480 times in a lifetime. That, my friend, is crappy.   And I bet the male readers of this are saying to themselves, "I really wish she would have warned me," but, I don't care. You see, my belief is if we have to deal with it that much, you should too.   I surprise myself with my niceness sometimes. :)  On a lighter, happier note, (yes, I've decided to add more than the two things) I'm going to visit colleges tomorrow. It's going to be crazy but I'm ezcited. I'm going to Northwestern, DePaul, Loyola and UIC. the only one I actually have a scheduled thing at is at Northwestern. Good times. Then, I'm staying downtown in my brother's appartment since he's gone this weekend. YES! :) No Naperville for the weekend. Who wouldn't be excited?So, I got around to doing a whole little blogger makeover. How fun is that? OK, so, I'm a dork. Give me a break. I don't wear makeup, so this is as close to a makeover as I'm ever going to get. :) Please leave comments though. It'll make me feel special or something like that...Alright. Lets see if the posting works and if my new background shows up AND if the comments show up. I know. It's an awful lot to ask for.Well, although this is sad to say, I must change my template with all it's glorious changing colorness. I want to ad a comments portion to this page and, unfortunately, I must use a blog template instead of one I created in order to do that. Too bad I'm not more computer savvy. I can create the template, but can't get the comments to work. Heh. Ironic. You'd think this would be easier. Oh well, this is a farewell message to the old colorful way of blogger way. I'm a fan of the color black, as many of you should know, and so...here goes. Here I come black blogger page. I shall miss you colorful one. :(So, I stepped outside of my house to go out to my car to get my book and, I'm pretty sure that 10 foot journey resulted in five mosquito bites. Gotta love summer. Actually, not really. I think I'm the only person who doesn't really like the season itself normally. Usually it's too hot or rainy or...mosquitoish for me. Although...swimming is good. :)   So, Chris IM'dme the other day saying he needed to talk to me about something later but then, he never did anything about it so I guess he changed his mind. Oh well. Not a big deal then I guess.  On a happy note, Ryan and I have been talking a lot...again. This always happens over the summer. It's kind of that reassuring summer friendship that I know I'll have, although...after last summer, I wasn't sure we'd really start talking again. I realized today how nice it is that I'm on good terms with all my past boyfriends. Even the first Ryan...and that ended less than nicely. How many people can truly say that? That they're on good terms with all their past boyfriends/girlfriends? Then again, some people do have a lot more people that they'd need to get along with then.   And, I have this...extremely popish song in my head. I don't think it's bad. It's got awful lyrics though.   Ive been waiting all day for ya babe So wont you come sit and talk to me And tell me how were gonna be together always Hope you know that when this late at night I hold on to my pillow tight I think bout how you promised me forever I never thought that anyone could make me feel this way Now that youre here boy all I want is just a chance to say  Get out (leave) right now Its the end of you and me Its too late (now) and I cant wait for you to be gone Cause I know about her (move) And I wonder (why) how I bought all the lies You said that you would treat me right But you was just a waste of time (waste of time)  Tell me why you looking so confused When Im the one that didnt know the truth How could you ever be so cold? You go behind my back and call my friend Boy you mustve fallen and bumped your head Because you left your number on her phone So now that after all that youve said and done Maybe Im the one to blame but To think the one that you could be the one Well it didnt work out that way  Get out (leave) right now Its the end of you and me Its too late (now) and I cant wait for you to be gone (you to be gone) Cause I know about her (move) And I wonder (why) how I bought all the lies (all the lies) You said that you would treat me right (you said that you) But you was just a waste of time (waste of time)  I wanted you right here with me But I have no choice youve got to leave Because my heart is breaking with Every word Im saying. I gave up everything I had On something that just would not last But I refuse to cry No tears will fall from these eyes (ohh, ohh)  Get out Get out (leave) right now Its the end of you and me (you and me) Its too late (now) and I cant wait for you to be gone (you to be gone) Cause I know about her (move) And I wonder (why) how I bought all the lies (how did I ) You said that you would treat me right (you said that you) But you was just a waste of time (waste of time)  Get out (leave) right now Its the end of you and me (hey yeah) Its too late (now) and I cant wait for you to be gone (you to be gone) Cause I know about her (move) And I woner (why) how I bought all the lies You said that you would treat me right (treat me right) But you was just a waste of time (waste of time)  Get out (leave) (you and me) Its too late (too late) (now)  About her (now) (why)  You said that you would treat me right But you was just a waste of time (ohh)    Yeah, sure, it has poor grammar and the lyrics are absolutely dreadful but it's catchy.  I'm thinking of possibly printing my entries and making an actual journal...you know...a written one, the ones that were written before mankind's great technological advancements came into play. Maybe I'll go find myself a quill. Heh heh. I can see myself writing with one now. Maybe I'll bring one to school this year with a little bottle of ink. "Catie, can I borrow a pen?" "Here, have some ink and a quill." I suppose letting someone borrow your pen or...quill back in those days was a lot more risky than it is these days. And, I'm not joking, it's risky. You lend someone a pen, they dash out of class with your pen, you lose your other pen, probably while getting bumped in the hallway by endless hoards of freshman, and you get to history class where you're taking notes on the great Roman emperors and later after not taking notes, you try to study but you can't remember whether it was Tiberius or Caligula who did whatever. But really, getting back to what I was saying, it would have been much more expensive those days. I'm sure pens must be comparatively cheaper than a quill and ink. Not to mention a Heck of a lot less people were literate while quills and ink were popular. I wonder when bic was invented...  Anyway, my whole point in all of this is that I'm considering printing my previous entries from this thing, which would be a large project when I consider that I've written in this for almost two years. I think I've gotten too attached to this thing. I admit I might have a problem. And now...I'm off to go look up when bics were invented. God bless bics.There's one sad truth in life I've found While journeying east and west - The only folks we really wound Are those we love the best. We flatter those we scarcely know, We please the fleeting guest, And deal full many a thoughtless blow To those who love us best.  So, I read this somewhere. I find it interesting and true for the most part, but how can one not hurt the ones he/she loves most when he/she is around them the most? And anyway, flattering those you don't know as well can work to your advantage. You pretty much know what you can get away with with your close friends. You know how far you can stretch the limits but with people you don't know as well, the possibilities are endless. I mean, I'm not saying take everyone you don't know for advantage. Just...explaining the little poem as I see it I suppose.It's an epidemic I tell you, an epi-fricking-demic (I know it's a stretch but I really wanted to put fricking in the middle of the word). These blog thingies have gone rampant. Lock your children away! The blogs come to attack at midnight...  I'm fine. I swear. Well, fine in my definition. Really. Let me just sing a little song. A love song...heh....  I know the pieces fit cuz I watched them fall away Mildewed and smoldering. Fundamental differing. Pure intention juxtaposed will set two lovers souls in motion Disintegrating as it goes testing our communication The light that fueled our fire then has burned a hole between us so We cannot see to reach an end crippling our communication.  I know the pieces fit cuz I watched them tumble down No fault, none to blame it doesn't mean I don't desire to Point the finger, blame the other, watch the temple topple over. To bring the pieces back together, rediscover communication  The poetry that comes from the squaring off between, And the circling is worth it. Finding beauty in the dissonance.  There was a time that the pieces fit, but I watched them fall away. Mildewed and smoldering, strangled by our coveting I've done the math enough to know the dangers of our second guessing Doomed to crumble unless we grow, and strengthen our communication.  Cold silence has a tendency to atrophy any Sense of compassion Between supposed lovers/brothers  I have more. Yes, I know. "She has more after she's put the song lyrics in? What's wrong with her? That's not the way things are done." Perhaps deviating from my usual abyss of normalcy will add excitement to life. Hah. Sad though, changing my blog pattern brings me happiness... Did I really reach the high point of my life at eight when my brother chopped off Mermaid Barbie's head with the little guullotine he made for history class? Ah, that does bring back happy memories though. Anyway, that really wasn't my point for continuing my entry although, it does lead nicely into my next point. I was thinking...it'd really depress me if life really were like a box of chocolates. Chocolates are a perfunctory gift that people give to people when they don't know what else to give them. Guys give them to girls. Acquaintances give them to aqcuaintances. Businesses give them to their employees for a great five years with the company...if you can get to that without being laid off. I think if someone can manage to stay with a company for five years without a. killing themselves, b. getting laid off or, c. comitting a felony, they should at least get some waterford out of it. And, back to my original point, which was what you ask? I really don't know. I'm sure I'll figure it out though so, stick with me. Even if you love chocolates, when you finish, what are you left with? A sticky empty box with the lingering smell of a delicious indulgance? The chocolates were probably mindlessly wolfed down anyway. Sure, once in a while you get one filled with cherry (if you like cherry) or one filled with peanut butter but the taste is fleeting and the memory is soon forgotten. So, really, I'm not sure what my point is and even if I did, it's not as fun as listening to people tell me what my point is.   And all of this because a friend's blog said people only write about the silly stuff. The little pieces of nuts in the chocolates of life. Well, I'm sure I shall continue writing about the nuts but, it's nice to confuse people once in a while. Peace, love, and good luck Forrest Gump with your chocolate filled life.I've decided trying to do a comments thing for this page is far too difficult to figure out at 11:55 at night. Who would have known?Hm.Tonight was SO MUCH FUN!!! Wheeee. I love having new friends. I mean, I love having my old friends too but, new friends are nice and getting to spend more and more time with them is getting to be awesome.   Anyway, we all had a bbq at Hunters Woods tonight. It started out as Jeremy, Stephen, Kathryn, and me. But then...a ton of people ended up coming. Amit, Tom, Roger, John, Matt, Faisil, Jamal, Chen, and Sophie and some other chick even showed up for a bit. Crazy fun times. The best part though...other than Tom lighting everything on fire...was definitely learning to fish. Jeremy taught me how and I caught like...four fish. It was so fun. I refused to actually touch the bait or fish though...heh. I'd be a terrible fisher. But, yeah, it was lots of fun. I love spending time with them. I'm getting to be much better friends with Stephen and Tom too. It's too bad Tom's moving in July. Big time bummer. That's ok.   Summer school actually isn't bad either. All I'm doing is reading all summer. I was originally going to take Consumer Ed. but decided to go with Lit. Themes instead. I was close to quitting band and just going without summer school. If I did that I'd easily get all my credits. Oh well. Lit. Themes is fun. All we do for the two hours is read which, I'd be doihng at home anyway probably.  I'm in a decent mood right now. :) Happy, happy, happy. Tomorrow, I have kind of a busy day. I have summer school then a lesson with Lubrielle, who's supposedly really, really good. Then, I have a meeting about the walking marathon for the Cancer association and then I'll probably go hang out with Kath, Jeremy, Stephen and some other people. Good times. Good times indeed. Bon soir my friends and people I don't know who read this thing.To make this private...or not to. I don't know. With one click of a button...I could write my inner most thoughts in here without anyone knowing and with things being exceedingly confusing lately...it would be nice. I'm too lazy to bother to write in another one of these things and make that private so...I don't know. I guess I'll think about it more. But...I suppose I have this to say. It's been on my mind lately.   How is someone supposed to trust someone when they aren't being trusted by that very person? Trust begets trust. And how is one supposed to be friends with someone they don't trust? Without trust, friendship can't exist.   And, that's all I have. Good bye.I miss Kel and MC. I really miss them. I want them to come home now.So, I went to see Harry Potter tonight with Bryan. fun times, fun times. Then we went to Steak 'N Shake...good times there as well. I'm never eating a shake in front of him again though. Haha.   Anyway, I should go. I have some other stuff on my mind but, i don't think I'll write about it now. Maybe if I still have the urge tomorrow.Sometimes it truly amazes me how many people read this. People from random places like New York, virginia and Hawaii. It's crazy. I don't see why they'd want to read it. I don't even see why people who know me want to read it but, eh, I suppose that's their prerogative. I guess I think it's kind of cool though. So...hey Hawaii and Virginia and New York and Singapore and Ohio and Michigan and everyone outside of my state! :)I apologize for the dismal entries from yesterday. However, I'm still not in a good mood. I think I've decided to go hibernate for a day or two...or 20. But, if you're lucky enough to read this entry before you read the ones below....don't read the one's below. They're just me venting.I'm so mad at him right now I can't even...ARGH. I can't even find a word for how angry I am with him. Seriously, I've never EVER been this angry with him before. I wish he'd friggin' trust one of his own best friends even though..heh....we aren't best friends anymore. However, you'd think the kid wouldn't bend over backward and lose his friends. I guess I knew it all along but I guess I was also sort of denying it at the same time. I really had no proof. It's just what I thought. But now....argh.   AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH.   People suck.OK, bear with me. I'm super tired and I don't really know what has posessed me to write in this thing at this hour when I should be catching up on my z's. However, here I am....writing....to you, the beautiful people that read my blog. *Crickets chirp*.....Well....ok, maybe to the beautiful  person  who reads my blog. Hi beautiful person.   Anyway, first of all, I'd like to say thank you to Joanne for your lovely comment and Mary Clare. I love the few comments I get. I suppose a few worthwhile comments is worth far more than a bunch of comments that don't mean anything. And thank you to the person I don't really know who leaves fascinating comments here. I enjoy them. I do intend to go buy my shoes later. :) And, I'm going to love them.   Last night was great. Really fantastic. You know those experiences you have that really make you appreciate what you have and your life and how wonderful things are....even if it just lasts a day, it still happenes and last night was definitely one of those nights. It was amazing how many people were there. I didn't realize how tough it would be for me though. The Luminaria ceremony was really, really difficult for me. I just kind of separated from my friends, walked by myself, and...well...cried my eyes out. I don't know if they noticed but I think they did. I think they also sensed I just needed to be left alone for a bit. That's the great thing about having best friends that know you really well. They know when to just let you be. So, I cried, a lot. It was the first time in a long time that I really let myself think of my grandma. I just kept looking up at the stars thinking, I hope she sees me doing this and is proud of me. She used to be someone I'd love to impress. Not to say I was doing the walk to impress anyone. I guess the only person I'd want to impress with it would be her.   So, after I had a good cry which, rarely, rarely happens with me I finished walking with my friends for the reast of the Luminaria ceremony. It just felt great to be alive and have terrific friends and...it felt good. That was the only time I cried all night though. I kept myself from crying a lot. I almost did when Audrey walked with her mom. She's Rebecca (Kathryn's little sister's) friend. She had cancer too. I think she was the youngest survivor there. It made me really happy to see them do the survivor walk together and to see Audrey and her mom cry. I gave my mom a giant hug when I got home today. It felt really, really good. I mean, I hug my mother on a daily basis but, sometimes...certain hugs mean more than others.   And today, I think I'm going to go get maybe an hour of sleep and then...it's off to trumpet sectionals. Three hours. Sigh. That's unfortunate but, it wont be too bad. I'll make it. Maybe I'll go get some caffienated beverage. Wow, I just checked my spelling on caffienated and I spelled it correctly the first time. That's amazing. I usually have a lot of trouble with that word. Anyway, this turned into a much, much longer entry than expected. I think I'll write about the funny aspects of the evening later. This was a more serious entry for me.In all honesty, I'm getting really tired. I enjoy having something to do every day of the summer but...it's been kind of tiring. And tonight we have the Relay For Life walk for the American Cancer Society. I think it will be fun but, it's another night of sleep I wont get. tomorrow I want to go to the mall too after the trumpet sectional to get these shoes I saw in a magazine that I absolutely LOVED! I'm excited about them. Haha.   Anyway, I guess I should get going. Things to do, things to do.It makes me so sad when good nights turn bad. Especially when it's bad in a...it couldn't be helped kind of way. I'm not going to write the details in here because, no one needs to know but, I just needed to write that it made me sad. I feel so, so bad about it. I was actually going to cry for her.Yesterday was a jolly good time for all involved. Well, maybe not, but it was a jolly good time for me. Just went out with the friends. We went to see The Day After Tomorrow. It was alright but, not great. I was actually expecting it to be worse than it was, but I was expecting to absolutely hate it. It was funny though. The movie theater was almost empty and we had eleven people in our group and we took up a whole row. So, here's this whole row full of people and the rest of the theater is almost empty. Heh. We were all laughing at the movie and stuff though and then after, as we were walking out, this little kid was like, "That was the coolest movie I've ever seen!!!" I felt bad. I don't think anyone else did though. Haha. It was kind of funny. Plus, I got to ride in Tom's Corvette....well, his dad's. It was cool. That's a REALLY nice car.   And, I just realized something else about my blog today. I think I'm overanalyzing my blog. But anyway, I tend to start my entries the same way quite a bit. I wonder how many times I've started an entry with, "I" or with "And." Heh. If I had any free time, I'd check. OK, maybe not. That would take a lot of time and it would be incredibly loserish. But anyway, this summer's been so much busier than I would have ever imagined. It's been nice though. I kind of like having stuff to do. Then again, there are those times when I just wish I had some down time. Oh well. I don't know. I certainly don't have any more now. i'm off to Mary Clare's house. Kathryn and I were going to be spontaneous and just show up, but that didn't work out. Haha. Oh well. So much for living on the edge.Funny. I realized my title of my page and the little saying underneath are pretty incongruous. In the title, I'm asking to escape. I use this to vent and to get away from the real world. However, in my little saying, I'm all positive and optimistic. Interesting. I guess I'm a contradictory person...or just fickle.Funny how you remember the most obscure things from your childhood.   Tonight, I remembered pogs. Who remembers those? Crazy... And, I also remembered two lines from the movie Heavyweights. If you haven't seen it, SEE IT!  Pat: And what have we all learned from this? Sam: Don't put twinkies on your pizza...   Hahahahaha. I don't know why that's so funny...It really shouldn't be.It's been a long day. A very long day. An incredibly...well, you get the point. I had a good time and all but it was just...too many girls in one room wreak havoc. Big time. I don't get headaches very often and I think I had one five minutes after getting to Kathryn's.   However, I have to say, I still had a good time. We all went to Kathryn's to make t-shirts for the relay for life walk for the American Cancer Society. We've made our team t-shirts and they're super cool. I love them. :) However...a certain person who shall remain nameless cough  MARY CLARE  cough couldn't just do what the rest of us were doing. She just had to be different. OK, I know I said I'd write four paragraphs on this but, it's difficult and so, I'll cease the Mary Clare bashing because she's too individualistic. Anyway, Nikki was there and Becky too. It was fun. It was nice seeing Nikki again after such a long time.   Then, we went to Mongolian Barbeque for dinner and that was nice, except we had to wait forty minutes to get a table. Gah. Oh well. I guess I shouldn't be an impatient American. It was nice. Then we caught up with Stephen, Jeremy, Amit, etc. at Meadow Glens. Fun times. Yes...  Stressful day though. This is why I'm thankful I have guy friends.urlLink   Which Mysterious Death will be Yours?        Name/username         Age         Gender     Female  Male  Neuter  Not Sure       Favorite Color     Black  White  Silver  Gold  Yellow  Orange  Red  Purple  Blue  Green       Usual Hangout     Mall  Fast Food Place  Bars  Pool Halls  Swimming Pool  Beach  Corner  Friend's House  Community Center  Work       Favorite Food     American  Barbecue  Chinese  French  German  Greek  Italian  Japanese  Korean  Mexican  Pizza  Thai  Other        You will die while      drinking expensive wines and dining on terrific food.        Who will find your body?      A co-worker.        You will be wearing      spiked-heel pumps, fishnet thigh-highs, a vinyl skirt and a tight red corset. (not sure *I* want to know...)        And the Mysterious Cause...      aliens and their anal probing.              This   cool quiz   by  urlLink  cutelilangelx   - Taken 7196 Times.          New - Kwiz.Biz  urlLink AstrologyI gotta be honest when I say I'm thinkin' of you...It only hurts when I breathe.So, tonight was one of those great nights where you realize you have the best friends in the world. One of those nights where you just stop trying to get whatever you want to say into the conversation and just listen to what the people around you are saying. You realize that no matter where you are or what you're doing, you can have a good time with these people and you'd do anything for them.   Anyway, obviously, tonight was a ton of fun. Mary Clare's house was great and she and her mom really did a great job decorating and with the food and everything. It was so nice. I really enjoyed myself. The movie was pretty good too. The first meeting of the book club was definitely a success although, I wonder what happened to Kirby. She didn't show up. I'm thinking she might have been doing something with the Japanese exchange students she has. I hope she can make it to the next one. For the next meeting, we've decided on Pride and Prejudice. I'm excited. I've wanted to read it for a while.   Anyway, summer school awaits me in the morning and I'm awfully tired. If you read this Pat, welcome back. :) I hope you had fun in New Jersey.   I'm so happy Mary Clare and Kelly are back too. I missed them a bunch.So, I just got a call from Marianjoy. I have an interview Monday at 2:00. :) I'm super excited.   I also went to Starbucks with Kathryn and Kelly. I've missed them.  I've taken notes through Canto 10 in the Inferno.  It's been a good day.   And tonight is the book club we created to discuss Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood.   It's going to end as a very, very good day.And do you know what this little blogger website thing of mine has just told me? I have written over 100,000 words in this thing. That's probably more than I've written combined in typed papers for my whole life. The patheticness of it all is sort of overwhelming.And so begins another repetitive week of summer school. I'm lucky I love reading, because if i didn't, the class would definitely slowly kill me.Oh my gosh! Ah! I feel so bad. I just called Lindsay to tell her I had her present and that I wanted to hang out sometime this week because I couldn't go to her graduation party. She didn't get ANY of the three messages I sent her. So, she didn't know I wasn't coming. :( Oh well. At least it's all cleared up now and she knows. I feel really bad though. I hope she didn't think I just ditched her or anything. Well, I'm glad I called her then at least.   Yesterday was great though. I really liked Northwestern. The campus is beautiful, but it's so difficult to get into the school. I don't know if I can get in.   Loyola was nice too. It was smaller...obviously...but, it was still nice. We didn't get a chance to look at De Paul and we only got a glance at UIC so, this week I think I'm going to De Paul at some point. And then UIC sometime later. Good times. Good times indeed.   I must get going since it's father's day and...I'm going to go spend time with my father. Heh. :) YaY! It shall be fun. Things are getting better between us lately. I hope it stays that way.Gah...I'm just now remembering why I hate AOHell so much. I shouldn't have downloaded it to my computer. I should have said, "screw you AOHell. You can bite me." I'll say it now anyway because I'm indignant. Screw you AOHell. You can burn in the sixth circle of Hell.Unh. I don't feel well at all. I feel so nauseated. Not a good thing when I have to babysit in 40 minutes. My mom even made this great dinner tonight too and I was really looking forward to it and I hardly ate a bite. I hate that. Oh well. I guess it's a good thing I'm babysitting later though. I can put the kids to bed by 8/8:30'ish and just read or watch TV until their parents come home. Good times. Well, I guess I'm off to take a shower before I go. Ta ta.Well, I finally downloaded AOL to my computer so that I can check my mail without going to the website that often. Not that I get a whole lot of mail other than porn...but hey...who knows? Maybe one day I'll all of a sudden become a nymphomaniac or want to enlarge my penis by four inches!!! *Sigh* What is the world coming to? We use all these great technological advancements to advertise penis enlargement. I think I'll get away from technology for a bit and read.Tonight was fun. Went to Ribfest with the gang. We saw Lynyrd Skynard. It was great. We only stayed through Sweet Home Alabama though. Then we all went to Meadow Glens and just...hung out for a while. :) Good times. Not much to say about it. It was just a fun night. We all sat in the back of Jeremy's van too so, that was fun.   Anyway, I shall finish my, rather short entry, for me, with a song...I think you all should know it...  Big wheels keep on turning Carry me home to see my kin Singing songs about the Southland I miss Alabamy once again And I think its a sin, yes  Well, I heard mister Young sing about her Well, I heard ole Neil put her down Well, I hope Neil Young will remember A Southern man don't need him around anyhow  Sweet home Alabama Where the skies are so blue Sweet Home Alabama Lord, I'm coming home to you  In Birmingham they love the governor Now we all did what we could do Now Watergate does not bother me Does your conscience bother you? Tell the truth  Sweet home Alabama Where the skies are so blue Sweet Home Alabama Lord, I'm coming home to you Here I come Alabama  Now Muscle Shoals has got the Swampers And they've been known to pick a song or two Lord they get me off so much They pick me up when I'm feeling blue Now how about you?  Sweet home Alabama Where the skies are so blue Sweet Home Alabama Lord, I'm coming home to you  Sweet home Alabama Oh sweet home baby Where the skies are so blue And the governor's true Sweet Home Alabama Lordy Lord, I'm coming home to you Yea, yea Montgomery's got the answer  This is definitely in my head after tonight.  Also, Mary Clare...nice job keeping up your blog!!! You're the coolest. Sitting in Jeremy's trunk with you was terrific. ;) (That's supposed to be a wink.)Haha. I have to write something because I'm at MC's house and it's cool. Lalala. That's all I have to say. They've got nothing to say. Mary Clare totally just flashed me when she was leaving the room. She didn't want me to write about it but I'm going to post it before she reads it. :)Ohhhhh man, I'm SOOOO excited. I forgot to put this in my laast entry. David's coming to town!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!! Oh gosh, I really, really, REALLY miss him. I can't wait to see him. Kel's mom told me tonight. AHHH! I'm gonna give him a huge hug and a big kiss! I'm excited!...obviously!Oh man. I'm so, so, SOOOO tired. Seriously, I may actually fall onto my keyboard and sleep. Today was a long but very good day. Had summer school....the usual, then I went to my trumpet lesson and definitely got lost on the expressway, how one does that, I'm still not sure, but I found my way there and back. :) Weeee. Good times. Then, I did end up going to Ribfest with a bunch of people. It was Lindsay and her family, Mike Klos, Anna Hannah, this german girl who we met up with there who used to know Lindsay when she came here last year for the jazz trip and Peter. Whoo. It was fun. We saw Sugar Ray. I liked them. I thought they were good. I just enjoyed myself. I try to enjoy myself in any situation. Even with that AWFUL movie last night. Hehe. Then, Anna, Peter and I all went to baker's Square. I'd never been there. I wanted to get something but I was so full. I had a big dinner and then, I finally had my first elephant ear. It was yummy. But, I'd have to say the one thing I'll remember from tonight was Peter blaring Spanish music with the windows down on the way to Baker's Square. GAH. I was seriously going to smack him over the head. I love him though. He's a good kid. It was nice hanging out with them. I've missed them.   And now, I'm SUPER tired and I must be off to sleep. And...this is for a certain someone. She'll know who she is...once ya blog ya just can't....drat, it doesn't work. :) I'm so tired I'm hitting the highlands...awww, I miss Brett. I want him to come home. The highlands always make me think of him. Come home Brettholomue!!! :)I have quite a bit to write about but I'm so so tired and I still need to write MC an e-mail. Today's been one crazy, crazy day. I went to summer school as usual and that was fun. YaY? Then, I went for my first day of work at Marianjoy and it was really...truly exciting. I've never felt more...right doing something than I did there. I got a chance to work with a bunch of kids today. Three with austism and actually, not a kid, a woman, with cerebral palsy. It was just amazing because the first boy I got to work with was five years old and he has a less severe form of autism and so it was almost like being with a regular five year old, but when we went into group time with this one other kid, the first boy had a lot of trouble communicating. He didn't like the other little boy who was about two. He wouldn't play with him or anything. It was a huge breakthrough supposedly that we got him to play cars with the younger boy. And, the older boy was helping the younger boy with speech, because that's what the younger boy's autism did to him. It affected his speech. It was just great to see him communicating. Then, the cerebral palsy patient, I didn't get to help much with, just observe. They put a new cast on her arm so she could start to move it better after the cast was off. Then, the last kidhad a pretty severe form of autism. We just had fun with him and played with him.   It was funny though. I don't think I've ever seen people look so happy as the kids in that room do. I was amazed that kids battling autism and severe dysfunctions could remain happy through the therapy and through their difficult life. It made me realize how much I should appreciate the little things. I walked out of there just being thankful I could actually walk out of there. I really felt like I was helping them too. I think I've at least found what I want to do sort of. My feeling that I want to do something that helps people has definitely been solidified. I mean, even if they weren't having breakthroughs like the first  and second boy...it was just nice to see them having fun away from their normally stress filled days. These kids have more stressful days than I've probably ever had in my entire life and it's like that every day. Every single day. And yet...they still remain happy. I'm just absolutely amazed.   The rest of my day was very nice too. I went to Tom's and watched possibly the worst movie EVER. But, I had fun watching it because it was so bad. :) Well, I'm awfully exhausted and I have a big day ahead of me tomorrow.   hugs + kissesYes, I did say goodbye to my friends an hour ago. And yes, I did say I would go to sleep. And of course, I didn't. Instead, I finished my book and decided to write in this thing. I guess I really don't have anything to talk about so, I'll try to think of some random topic and rant about that for a few paragraphs. So, basically what I'm saying is, I'd strongly advise that you click the x at the top right corner of this thing. Heh, actually, reading my e-mail, someone just sent me one of those survey things. It's also in a friend's xanga. Sweet. I haven't done one since junior high. Now I'm all excited. I'm going to do it.   SECTION 1 [YOU.] +your  name: Catie + your gender: Female + hair colour: Hm...white.  + eye colour: Eh, kinda depends.  + your location: The prairie state. YaY seventh grade prairie unit. I'm just glad I made it through without committing suicide.  + fears: Drowning, bugs, snakes coming up through the pipes and into my toilet. I know it's the weirdest thing ever. I guess being lonely would count in here.  SECTION 2 [ HAVE YOU EVER ] + peed your pants? Probably when I was a little kid.  + cheated on someone? No + fallen off the bed? You can see me? + fallen for a relative? Alright, this seems like a rather rediculous question to me. I haven't ever fallen for a relative...except Lauren...hi Lauren! You're hot. Anyway, the answer is no, but even if I had, would I really announce it to the world? + had plastic surgery? Nah, but there's still time. + broke someone`s heart? I don't really know. I've broken up with people before but...I wouldn't call it breaking their heart... I guess I just don't think that highly of myself to think it's possible that I could break someone's heart. + had your heart broken? Not really actually... + had a dream come true? Sure. + done something you regret? Yes, although I generally try not to regret things. It does no good pondering things that have already happened. Things you can't change.  + cheated on a test? Nope. + been raped? ...this seems like a rather crude question.  + broken a body part? Yeah. That was a good summer...  SECTION 3 [ CURRENTLY] + wearing - A t-shirt...a big one...but that's what I sleep in. + listening to - That song...the remedy. Don't know who it's by. + chewing - Hm, nothing but not a bad idea.  + feeling - Kind of tired... + reading - Purgatorio for summer school and Pride and Prejudice for fun.  + located - In my house in my room sitting on a chair in front of my computer... + chatting with - Ryan :) Hi Ryan. + watching - Cold Case Files. I'm a dork, yeah.  + should REALLY be - Hah...sleeping.  SECTION 4 [ DO YOU... ] + brush your teeth? Yeahh + like anybody? Heh... + have any piercings? Just my ears + drive? Yeah + believe in Santa Claus? Who doesn't? + ever get off the computer? Lets see how long AIM has been logged on for. 11 days, three hours and 35 minutes. Does that answer your question?  SECTION 5 [ FRiENDS ] + who is your best? Tough question + who is the loudest? KELLY!! She wins by like...a million...Actually...Tom's pretty close up there.  + who is the shyest? Jeremy maybe... + who is the 'hottest'? Mary Clare! Totally!!! + who is the cutest? All my friends are cute in their own little idiosyncratic ways! + who laughs the most? Hm, I laugh a heck of a lot. But, I guess Kelly kind of laughs a lot. + who have you known the longest? Kels + who have you known the shortest? Hmmm...zach. He's a sweet kid. :) + do you belong to a crew? What is this word crew? I don't understand. This must be like...not Illinois slang. I guess I'll take it to mean a clique and if that's the case...yes. + do you hang out with the opposite sex? Quite a bit actually... + do you trust your friends? Hm. I trust certain friends more than others.  + are you a good friend? I can't really say. That's not for me to judge.  + can you keep a secret? Yes.   SECTION 6 [ THE LAST PERSON YOU...] + hugged - Hm, hm, hm...Chris I think.  + gave EPROPS - EPROPS....? What is all this slang? I DON'T UNDERSTAND!! AHHHH!!! :( + IMed - R-R-Ryan... + talked to on the phone - Ryan...again. Heh.  + yelled at - I'm not good at yelling. I guess my trumpet section though. They have such A.D.D.... + fell in love with - Haven't been in love yet. So, we shall see.  + tripped - Hahaha. I haven't ever tripped anyone, although...that does sound like fun... + turned down - Kath. I couldn't go to the pool yesterday.  SECTION 7 [ PERSONAL ] + What do you want to be when you grow up? - I've been asked that question so much lately. I really don't know. I have ideas of what I want but, I don't know yet.  + What was the worst day of your life? - The day my grandma was diagnosed with terminal cancer.  + What is your most embarrassing story? - Well...that pole one is pretty far up there. We were walking downtown Naperville and we walked past this group of guys and they were like, "the girl in the pink is cute" and, I realized I was the only one wearing pink. It surprised me so much I almost walked into a pole and THAT surprised me so much that I almost walked into a second pole.  + What has been the best day of your life? - Hmmm....I really don't know honestly. I've had some darn good days.  + What comes first in your life? - Family + Do you have a boyfriend/girlfriend/crush? - Yeah..............the dots shall continue for a while.............. + If you had an extra set of eyes were would you put them? WHere would I put them? Back of my head, definitely.  + What do you usually think about before you go to bed? People  SECTION 8 [ FAVORITE . . .] + Movie: Clueless, Gone With the Wind, etc...I don't know though. The Day After Tomorrow is definitely up there, right MC? + Song: Somewhere over the rainbowwww.....actually, I don't really know. That's just what came into my head. I do love that song even if it's not favorite of all time. :) + Group: Honestly, I listen to such a vast array of music, I don't really know. + Store: Gap + Relative: Lauren because she's the only relative who reads this...but Lauren, tell Max he's my favorite. I guess Conor's ok too. He's definitely become a Miller, sad as it is.  + Sport: Huh? What's that...? + Vacation Spot: Romeeeeee!!!! :) :) :) + Ice Cream Flavor: Chocolate + Fruit: Strawberries + Candy : Hm...I guess I'd say skittles. It depends on the day. Sometimes I like chocolate more.  + Holiday: Christmas + Day of the Week: Friday + Color: Pink...or black.  + Magazine: Time + Name fr a Girl: Genevieve + Name for a Boy: Hm...I don't know. Ryan says to say Ryan so...there you have it. Ryan.  SECTION 9 [ DO YOU . . .] + Like to give hugs? - Yes. I LOVE hugs. + Like to walk in the rain? - I love that too. :) + Sleep with or without clothes on? - With. I'm just too afraid someone will walk in... + Prefer black or blue pens? - Whatever is available. Or whatever I can steal from people... + Dress up on Halloween? - Not for a while. I miss my cat costume. :( + Have a job? - Volunteering, yeah. + Like to travel? - I love it.  + Like someone? - Ehhh.....hasn't this question been asked twice before? And twice before I was not responsive? + Sleep on your side, tummy or back? - Kind of depends...but generally on my side + Think you're attractive? - Hahahahahahahahaha. + Want to marry? - Yeah :) + Have a goldfish? - I have bad luck with fishes. I don't want to talk about it.  + Ever have the falling dream? - Yeah, but usually it's not a full fledged dream. Usually it's like...during that short time between being woken up and being woken up ten minutes later for not waking up the first time.  + Have stuffed animals? - Who doesn't? + Go on vacation? - All the time.  SECTION 10 [ WHAT DO YOU THINK ABOUT . . .] + Abortion: I'm pro choice unless it's late term.  + Bill Clinton: He should have chosen someone who wasn't going to blab. What a dummy. We all know they do it but you don't choose someone who's going to announce it to the world... + Eating Disorders: I can't really say what first came to mind. Tragic though. I think one person may know what I'm thinking. :( + Suicide: It's much more realistic and close than I thought until this past weekend.  + Summer: Eh, it's ok. I'm not a fan of heat but, it's nice not to have school...oh wait...I do have school... + Tattoos: Eh, I'm not a big fan. I'd never get one. Too painful.  + Piercing: Depends where the piercing is.  + Make-up: Eh + Drinking: There's a lot I could say on this too. Heh, but for the most part...I pretty much try to stay out of other peoples business. they can do what they want.  + Guys: I think they're too much trouble. And then I spend time with them...and the trouble seems worth it. Happy Ryan? :) + Girls: I'm actually not a fan of hanging out with girls. Most are too emotional and ehh...I don't know. Girls make big deals out of everything, but...I do have my few best friends who make the female population...including myself, haha, seem ok.   SECTION 11 [ THIS OR THAT] + Pierced nose or tongue? - Tongue + Be serious or funny? - Funny + Single or taken? - Eh, depends... + Simple or Complicated? - Complicated + Law or anarchy? - Law + MTV or BET? - MTV + 7th Heaven or Dawson's Creek? - Never seen Dawson's Creek. + Sugar or salt? - Depends what I'm eating + Silver or gold? - Silver + Tongue or belly button ring? - Belly   + Chocolate or flowers? - Chcolate...haha, even after my previous rant about chocolate... + Angels or miracles? - Miracles + Color or Black-and-white photos? - I'm a fan of black and white actually. + Sunrise or sunset? - Sunset definitely + M&M's or Skittles? - Skittles + Rap or Rock? - Eh, both I guess. + Stay up late or sleep in? - Stay up late!!! + TV or radio? - TV + Hot or cold? - Cold + Taller members of the opposite sex or shorter? - Taller + Sun or moon? - Moon + Diamond or Ruby? - Diamond + Left or Right? - Right + 10 acquaintances or one best friend? -One best friend + Vanilla or chocolate? - Chocolate + Kids or no kids? - No kids now but Kids later in life + Cat or dog? - Dog + Half-empty or Half-full? - Half full + Mustard or ketchup? - Ketchup + Newspaper or Magazine? - Newspaper.  + Spring or Fall? - Fall + Give or receive? - Give + Rain or snow? - Hmmm....snow gets old after a while but so does rain. This is tough. I like both actually. :) + Lace or satin? - Satin... + A year of hot sex or a lifetime of friendship? - Lifetime of friendship...although the sex in appealing...wait, did I just say that? + Happy or sad? Gee, I just love to be sad....for this one...I choose sarcastic... + Corduroy or plaid? - Cordoroy + Wonder or amazement? - Amazement! :) + sneakers or sandals? - Sneakers...just because I can't be bothered to paint my toenails very often. + McDonald's or Burger King? - Depends on what you want to eat.  + Mexican or Italian food? - Italian!!! + Lights on or off? - Off ;) + Duct tape or scotch tape? - Duct + Candy or soda? - Soda + A house in the woods or the city? - City...definitely! + Pepsi or Coke? - Coke + Nike or ADIDAS? - 'eh...either one.  SECTION 12 [ OTHER QUESTIONS] + Do you go to church? - Yeah + Do you like church? - Yeah + Why or why not? - God's a cool guy...or girl...or hermaphrodite. However you look at it.  + What's your favorite kind of tree? - Palm!!! + Out of all of your friends, who has the coolest house ? - TOM!!!! Definitely. But he's moving. :(  + when you look at a person with lime green tights on, what's the first thing that comes to your head? - Did they get dressed in the dark...   Wow, I can't believe I just sat here and did this thing. What a waste of 30 minutes of my life... :) And yet, I don't regret a minute of it.Hi-ho, hi-ho, it's off to shop I go...  I haven't been to Oakbrook to shop in so long. I'm excited. :)Great day yesterday! I got the job volunteering at Marinjoy and they gave me my assignment which is SO much better than expected. A lot of the occupational and physical therapy positiobs are taken because of colllege students who need hours, but she somehow found time for me to work in pediatrics. So, I get to observe and help out in pediatrics.I mean, sometimes I wont be doing fun stuff. She said there might be some filing but, definitely not all the time so, I'm definitely excited.   Anyway, last night I went out with Chris and Bryan for a bit. That was cool. Always a fun time with them. We played Uno Attack and I think they cheat because they won more than me. And anyone who wins more than me must be cheating. :)  Well, summer school calls. I've been lacking in entries for a bit. Uh oh. So, I better keep up if I want to keep up with the great Mary Clare!I LOVE my new shoes. They make me happy. :) YaY for inanimate objects making me feel great.So, I'm feelin' pretty exhausted right now, but it's been a really good weekend. A weekend full of best friends, walks for important causes, family, and jousting. YaY jousting! My family and I of course went to Medieval Times as a sort of, belated father's day gift since my brother was out of town last weekend. It was fun, We were royalty and the yellow team. Fun, fun, fun. Our team didn't win though. Bummer! Oh well, still a fun day. I didn't get the shoes I wanted at the mall because I ended up not liking them but I got a different pair instead which I love.   Diane and I are talking now and we're planning to go to Great America. I'm so excited! I haven't been there in forever!!! YES! :) And now, I must go do my homework. Heh. Sad....I'm 15 for a moment Caught in between 10 and 20 And I'm just dreaming Counting the ways to where you are  I'm 22 for a moment She feels better than ever And we're on fire Making our way back from Mars  15, there's still time for you Time to buy and time to lose 15, there's never a wish better than this When you only got 100 years to live  I'm 33 for a moment  Still the man, but you see I'm a they A kid on the way A family on my mind  I'm 45 for a moment  The sea is high And I'm heading into a crisis Chasing the years of my life  15, there's still time for you Time to buy and time to lose yourself Within a morning star  15, I'm all right with you 15, there's never a wish better than this When you only got 100 years to live  Half time goes by Suddenly you're wise Another blink of an eye 67 is gone The sun is getting high We're moving on...  I'm 99 for a moment  Dying for just another moment And I'm just dreaming  Counting the ways to where you are  15, there's still time for you  22, I feel her too 33, you're on your way Every day's a new day...  15, there's still time for you Time to buy and time to choose Hey 15, there's never a wish better than this When you only got 100 years to liveDiane, I saw them in Seventeen magazine and they're just a pair of tennis shoes but I like them  and I think they're really cute. Unfortunately, I didn't get a chance to go get them today. After the trumpet sectional, which was really difficult to get through. Those kids have serious  retention issues. It's dissapointing. It was stressful. Anyway, after that, I came home, ate some food since I was starving and decided I'd read my book since I didn't have anything to do for a bit. I read two paragraphs then fell asleep until 7:30. Hah. So much for reading. So, I woke up too late to go to the mall, but it was okay because I ended up going out with Chris instead. We've been trying to hang out for like, two weeks but neither of our schedules permit it. Crazy. That's ok. We hung out and it was fun. Matthew joined us as well.   I was thinking today of all the funny stuff from last night too. Like Kath, MC and myself all cramming into a sleeping bag and sleeping together because it was so cold. Only girls can do that without it seeming odd. If guys did that, they'd be looked at like they were insane. Interesting. Well, it was a fun night and I wont forget it. I'm excited to do the walk again next year. :) Much Love. I'm out.It's amazing what you write or say when you think no one's paying attention...So, I found out some good news today. I think I may still have the chance to go up to Caseville. Yes! :) It wont be until August, but...at least I'll get to go. I'm excited. Well, I have to get going. I'm going miniature golfing with some friends and then going out to dinner. Fun times.It looks like spring and It feels like sunny weather But it's a cold day in July  Ever since Great America, things have been going downhill the last few days. Thing have just all of a sudden gotten really confusing and complicated. I'm ok with confusing and complicated but, it's just so sudden. I don't know what to do right now. I'm just going to take things day by day and hope for the best.  I've been thinking a lot of my grandma lately. This time two summers ago, I'd be up bringing her something or watching TV with her because she wasn't feeling well or I'd be sleeping on her incredibly comfortable couch...  When I think about her I can remember so much. The smell of her house, the way she'd ALWAYS watch Jeopardy on Saturday afternoons, the way she'd wear those really, really ugly shoes, her beautiful smile and at the same time her innocent, "what, me?" smile, how she'd always call my house on Sunday nights. I'm just really missing her right now. I guess it's an odd time to miss her but, heh, I guess I can't control that.   Things seem to be crashing all around me right now and there's absolutely no one to talk to about it. I miss having a best, best friend like Amanda. I think Chris might have been able to become that, but....we've kind of lost it. There's only one thing on his mind and I can see it in his eyes no matter how hard he tries. It's not his fault either. People grow apart and change. Peter's actually becoming someone I'm starting to confide in. It's taken me long enough. But, now that I'm finally really trusting him and starting to confide in him, he'll be leaving. Figures.   I guess I've just got a lot on my mind right now. A lot's going on in my family life and...I don't even know how to begin talking to anyone about that.TWO roads diverged in a yellow wood,   And sorry I could not travel both   And be one traveler, long I stood   And looked down one as far as I could   To where it bent in the undergrowth;             Then took the other, as just as fair,   And having perhaps the better claim,   Because it was grassy and wanted wear;   Though as for that the passing there   Had worn them really about the same,              And both that morning equally lay   In leaves no step had trodden black.   Oh, I kept the first for another day!   Yet knowing how way leads on to way,   I doubted if I should ever come back.              I shall be telling this with a sigh   Somewhere ages and ages hence:   Two roads diverged in a wood, and I   I took the one less traveled by,   And that has made all the difference.This is the bad part of summer. When I get a moment to sit down and think, I think of all the bad crap that's going on. I was having a great summer because I wasn't letting myself think at all. I was just doing stuff all the time. I'm trying to remain optimistic, but stuff sucks on so many different levels right now. Sometimes it's hard to see the glass half full. Heh. It's funny. Brett told me the other night to see the glass as 1/2 of it's capacity. That way, neither phrase really works. I wonder who even came up with that.   Anyway, lots to do this afternoon. Then, I think I'm hanging out with Matthew and Chris tonight...maybe. I stayed up really late talking to Chris about the general suckyness of stuff right now. Most depressing conversation I've had in a while, but I needed it. I need to talk to Brandon too. I really miss him. I kind of just want to bypass senior year and go on to college and get away from this town and just start things over.   Gee, if I feel like this when I'm not PMS'ing, what will next week be like?I know when he's been on your mind That distant look is in your eyes  I thought with time you'd realize it's over, over It's not the way I choose to live And something somewhere's gotta give As sharing in this relationship gets older, older  You know I'd fight for you but how could I fight someone who isn't even there I've had the rest of you now I want the best of you I don't care if that's not fair  Cuz I want it all Or nothing at all There's nowhere left to fall When you reach the bottom it's now or never Is it all Or are we just friends Is this how it ends With a simple telephone call  You leave me here with nothing at all  There are time it seems to me I'm sharing you with memories I feel it in my heart but I don't show it , show it Then there's times you look at me As though I'm all that you could see Those times I don't believe it's right I know it , know it  Don't make me promises baby you never did know how to keep them well I had the rest of you now I want the best of you it's time to show and tell  Cuz I want it all Or nothing at all There's nowhere left to fall When you reach the bottom it's now or never Is it all Or are we just friends Is this how it ends With a simple telephone call  You leave me here with nothing at all  Cuz you and I Could lose it all if you've got no more room  No more inside for me in your life  Cuz I want it all Or Nothing at all There's nowhere left to fall It's now or never  Is it all Or Nothing at all When you reach the bottom it's now or never Is it all Or are we just friends Is this how it ends With a simple telephone call  You leave me here with nothing at all There's nowhere left to fallOh yeah! One more thing, Kels burned me the Chicago CD! Instead of having that incessant Six Flags song in my head, I now have the Cell Block Tango in my head!!  And now, the six merry murderesses of the cook county jail in their rendition of the cell block tango   Pop, Six, Squish, Uh uh, Cicero, Lipschitz!  Pop, Six, Squish, Uh uh, Cicero, Lipschitz!  And now the six merry murderesses of the Crookem County Jail in their rendition of "The Cell Block Tago"  Pop, Six, Squish, Uh uh, Cicero, Lipchitz!  He had it coming He had it coming He only had himself to blame If you'd have been there If you'd have seen it  I betcha you would have done the same!  Pop, Six, Squish, Uh uh, Cicero, Lipschitz!  You know how people Have these little habits That get you down. Like Bernie. Bernie like to chew gum. No, not chew. POP. So I came home this one day, And I am really irritated, and Looking for a little sympathy And there's Bernie layin' on the couch, drinkin' a beer and chewin'. No, not chewin'. Poppin'. So, I said to him, I said, "You pop that gum one more time..." and he did. So I took the shotgun off the wall and I fired two warning shots... ...into his head.  He had it coming He had it coming He only had himself to blame If you'd have been there If you'd have heard it I betcha you would Have dome the same!  I met Ezekiel Young from Salt Lake City about two years ago and he told me he was single and we hit it off right away. So, we started living together. He'd go to work, he'd come home, I'd fix him a drink, We'd have dinner. And then I found out, "Single" he told me? Single, my ass. Not only was he married ...oh, no, he had six wives. One of those Mormons, you know? So that night, when he came home, I fixed him his drink as usual. You know, some guys just can't hold their arsenic.  He had it coming He had it coming He took a flower In its prime And then he used it And he abused it It was a murder But not a crime!  Now, I'm standing in the kitchen carvin' up the chicken for dinner, minding my own business, and in storms my husband Wilbur, in a jealous rage. "You been screwin' the milkman," he says. He was crazy and he kept screamin', "you been screwin the milkman." And then he ran into my knife. He ran into my knife ten times!  If you'd have been there If you'd have seen it I betcha you would have done the same!  Mit kersek, en itt? Azt mondjok, hogy a hires lakem lefogta a ferjemet en meg lecsaptam a fejet. De nem igaz, en artatlan vagyok. Nem tudom mert mondja Uncle Sam hogy en tettem. probaltam a rendorsegen megmayarazni de nem ertettek meg...  Yeah, but di you do it?  UH UH, not guilty!  My sister, Veronica and I had this double act and my husband, Charlie, used to travel round with us. Now, for the last number in our act, we did these 20 acrobatic tricks in a row One,two,three,four,five...splits, spread eagles, back flips,flip flops, one right after the other. So this one night before the show we're down at the hotel Cicero, the three of us,boozin', havin' a few laughs and we ran out of ice, so I go out to get some. I come back, open the door, and there's Veronica and Charlie doing Number Seventeen, the spread eagle. Well, I was in such a state of shock, I completely blacked out. I can't remember a thing. It wasn't until later, when I was washing the blood off my hands I even knew they were dead.   They had it coming They had it coming They had it coming They had it coming They had it coming all along They had it coming all along I didn't do it She didn't do it But if I done it But if she done it How could you tell me that I was wrong?  They had it coming They had it coming They had it coming They had it coming They had it coming They took a flower All along In its prime I didn't do it And then they used it But if I'd done it, How could you tell me that I was wrong?   I loved Al Lipschitz more than I can possibly say. He was a real artistic guy... sensitive... a painter. But he was always trying to find himself. He'd go out every night looking for himself and on the way he found Ruth, Gladys, Rosemary and Irving. I guess you can say we broke up because of artistic differences. He saw himself as alive and I saw him dead.  The dirty bum, bum, bum, bum, bum The dirty bum, bum, bum, bum, bum  They had it comin' They had it comin' They had it comin' They had it comin' They had it comin' They had it comin' All along All along 'Cause if they used us 'Cause if they used us And they abused us And they abused us How could you tell us that we were wrong?  He had it coming He had it coming He only had himself to blame. He only had himself to blame. If you'd have been there If you'd have been there If you'd have seen it If you'd have seen it I betcha you would have done the same!  You pop that gum one more time! Single my ass. Ten times! Miert csukott Uncle Same bortonbe. Number seventeen-the spread eagle. Artistic differences.   Pop, Six, Squish, Uh uh, Cicero, Lipschitz!So, wow. What an...interesting night. Big fight. Big, big, big. This is why I have my guy friends. I think it was all sort of blown out of proportion.   On a lighter note, I spilled Cranbery juice alllll over Kel's carpet. I went up to her loft and dropped it down. It was GREAT. We made a whole crime scene thing. It was funny and I wrote on her floor upstairs where the new carpet will be put. I wrote, "Catie was here" and drew all sorts of things.  Then, Brett, Jamal, and John all showed up. It was a really nice surprise. Brett had this soap in his car that...wow, it smelled sooo good. I think I'm addicted. Hah. They brought oreos too. Mmm. They're now my favorite people. It was fun...until there was sort of a big fight. I'm not going to go into it but...I don't know. I just wish girls were less melodramatic. However there was comic relief throughout the night when they brought the seats from Brett's van inside to sit on since all of Kel's furniture is gone.   And, I'd like to write about my adventure with Mary Clare Sunday which, actually started the whole spat tonight. We went to see The Notebook, which was really, really good. It was cute. Sometimes I wish I lived in the 40's or 50's. Guys were so much more polite then. At least in movies. Then, we went out to the parking lot and we couldn't get MC's air conditioning to work and the windows wouldn't roll down!! It was terrible. We were so hot. So, we went to Colonial and we called her dad who came and told us we had the heat on to top it all! When we were driving, we were so hot we'd stop at lights and open the doors! People must've thought we were so weird. Haha. But yeah, we drove home and I walked in my house and I'm like...wow, it's warm. I asked my mom why it was so warm and she told me the air conditioner broke. I jusr thought it was kind of ironic.   Anyway, I'm pretty tired and I have a lot to do tomorrow. I'm going to sleeeep. Good night all.   P.S.-I'd just like to clarify how AWESOME yesterday was. :)Two things I hate about girls. I'm really super glad I'm not a guy and that I'm not a lesbian, because if I were, I'd probably have shot myself by now.   1. I hate, hate, HATE when girls take dvantage of guys. They use them.   2. I also hate when girls play with guy's minds. It's just really inconsiderate. OK, playing with guy's minds is ok sometimes. It's funny if it's a little bit, but if there's the potential for someone to get seriously hurt emotionally, it's not cool at all.  Besides that, my day was excellent. Superb. It ended up being Diane, Kelly, Jessica, Alex, Matthew, and myself. it was super fun. I got to ride all the big coasters except Iron Wolf. We all kind of decided not to bother with that one. It was so crowded though. That was kind of a bummer but it was really fun nonetheless. We went on Raging Bull twice at the end of the night. the first time we got to the top and we're like, well, if we go in one of the middle cars, we can probably get through another time, so when we finished with the first ride on Raging Bull, we ran for the entrance and we made it. First row. Last ride of the night. It was excellent.   Superman scared the living daylights out of me. I was so, SO scared. The thing I'm most scared about with coasters is that the harnesses will break and with Superman, all you have is the harness! So, so scary. Diane didn't help!!!! She liked watching me squirm. :) Haha. Anyway, it was a really, really fun day. However, I'm super, super tired right now and I really need to get some sleep. Good niiiight all. Oh yes...I also have the story of my adventures with Mary Clare at the movies yesterday. Wow...so much to still write about but no time...I'm SO excited for Great America tomorrow. It'll be Diane, Matthew, Bryan, Kelly, Alex, and myself. It'll be a blast. We're doing all the coasters and...ah! I'm just excited. Anyway, I have to go help my mommy do some stuff.OK, so I didn't go to sleep. I'm a liar. I'll pray for myself later. I heard this song on TV earlier. It brought me back to the good ol' days.   You know our love was meant to be The kind of love that lasts forever And I want you here with me From tonight until the end of time  You should know everywhere I go You're always on my mind, in my heart, in my soul Baby, you're the meaning in my life, you're the inspiration You bring feeling to my life  You're the inspiration I wanna have you near me I wanna have you hear me say it No one seeds you more than I need you  And I know that it's plain to see We're so in love when we're together Now I know that I need you here with me From tonight until the end of time You should know everywhere I go, you're always on my mind, in my heart, in my soul  You're the meaning in my life You're the inspiration You bring feeling to my life  You're the inspiration  I wanna have you near me  I wanna have you hear me say it No one needs you needs you more than I No one needs you more than I  I wanna have you near me  I wanna have you hear me say it No one needs you more than I need you  You're the meaning in my life  You're the inspiration,  You bring feeling to my life You're the inspiration  When you love somebody to the end of time When you love somebody, always on my mind  No one needs you more than I  When you love somebody to the end of time When you love somebody, always on my mind  Ah, what an 80's song and yet...I sadly love it.Forty bucks for sitting and reading while eating other people's food. Not a bad gig. Not bad at all. I think I should become a professional babysitter. It'd be awesome. I talked to Bryan and Matthew on the phone too. Ah, fun times. I like babysitting when you can put in a movie then put them to bed shortly after. Good times.   Tomorrow, I honestly don't know if I'll be doing anything. Maybe I'll go rent a movie and sit at home. I'd have the house to myself. It actually might be kind of nice.   Must be off to bed now.  Night kiddies.So, trumpet sectionals today. I can't say I'm looking forward to them because, heh, I'm defiitely most positively...not. Most of my section have serious problems concentrating and I just get so frustrated a lot. It was different when I was the one having a small conversation in the section. Heh. I'm feeling Peter's pain right now. Erica's really trying to help though and suggest some stuff and she's been a good role model for the entire section. So, thanks Erica. :) I appreciate it. Hmmm...what color mood am I in?So, I have to write this whole thing over again. I'm very angry right now at my internet connection,. Usually, I'd forget writing the whole thing again, but this is a rather important entry.     Tonight was a lot of fun. It's odd though. I can have so much fun with people and the whole time, in the back of my mind, the fact that one of the people I'm with wont be in our little group in about five days permeates my mind.     We had Tom's goodbye party at Chili's. There were twelve of us. Tom, Manmeet, (I didn't know him at all) Mary Clare, Stephen, Chen, Chang, Kelly, Amit, Roger, Jeremy, Kathryn and me. It was a big table. Heh. It was ironic too. While we were waiting to get our table, my brother came in with his friends. Out of all the times and all the places, I saw them. Interesting. Well, welcome home for the weekend Chip. Hah.     Dinner was a lot of fun. Just good conversation and good food. It was pretty funny at the end while we were trying to pay the bill and we couldn't figure it out. Heh. It took us a while, but that's ok. It was funny. Oh, another funny thing from dinner. Roger was ordering Cajun chicken...except he said the j and u like you would in Spanish, so it sounded like "cahoon." And then Stephen goes..."you mean...Cajun??" Haha. Funniest thing I've heard in a long time.     Then, because Jeremy gave Tom fireworks as a gift, we all went to Tom's house to see if we could shoot them off, but then we realized that even though Tom's house and land plot are huge, he has a ton of trees, and the treeless area is his neighbor's area. Boo.     So, of course, where do we go? MG. Where do we always go? Hah. Meadow Glens is becoming like a second home to me. Sad...really.     So, we sat around there for a while trying to figure out what to do and we notice this empty beer case sitting on the sidewalk and we're just like, "we'll just leave it alone. It's not ours." So, we did and of course, who comes to see us? Cops. An undercover cop came by and was like, "is that yours?" And of course we're all like, "No, no!" And so, we just told him we were talking and stuff and he said ok and let us hang out. Cool cop. And, as he was leaving, Jeremy goes, "Bye Mr. Pavlicek." I guess he knew him somehow. It was just funny. Mr. Pavlicek said bye to Jeremy too. Heh, of all the cops to come across us. Chris' dad. Funny, funny times.     And so, we were all getting eaten by bugs and we all were a little cold, so we made a fort with the minivans. We backed them all together and had the trunks&nbsp;up so it made a little tent. It was super cool. I'll have to put a picture in here when MC gets them developed. So, we just sat and chatted and told fun stories.     It's sad knowing tonight was the last time I'll see Tom. Although he did embarrass me at times (like the last time we were at Meadow Glens) I'm still going to miss him a ton and think how much hed add if he were here. It's funny though, I wont remember the big embarrassments or the arguments Ive had in high school. What I'll remember is the summers spent with my friends sitting in the back of a few minivans in the Meadow Glens parking lot. Ill remember the three hour time spans spent sitting around trying to figure out what were going to do while constantly veering off topic. I'll remember the little things. The things that make it impossible to forget my friends. Amazing how watching a terrible movie or stalking boys can get me through supposedly one of the toughest times in my life. Its too bad it takes a friend moving away to make me realize how precious the time I spend with my friends is.   I hope Tom has a great time in    Texas   and I hope he doesn't forget us, because I know I wont ever forget him.     "Truly great friends are hard to find, difficult to leave, and impossible to forget."I was just thinking of someone. Someone I know who I used to be able to talk about all the crazy stuff going on in my life. She was ALWAYS there for me no matter what during junior high. She was there for me with the whole Ryan thing. She was there for me that awful day that that man tried to get me in his car and she was there when I needed to talk about family problems. I miss her, but she's moved away. She moved to Ohio and she's back in IL now, but...not close enough to spend time with. I think we've probably grown apart by now anyway, but I miss her. and the way she was always, no matter what, there for me. She was one of the truest friends I ever had. I know she doesn't read this, but thanks Christy. You were a great friend.OK, this is like, the coolest thing ever. I can't believe blogger's getting so sophisticated. I  LOVE  IT! I love blogger, but I used to be sort of bummed that it didn't have as many features as other diary log things did.         So, now I can write in multiple colors. How fun is that?      Anyway, what I really want to write about is this weird dream I had. I dreamt that I went to go visit Carson's college with someone. I don't remember with whom or why, but i did.     And so, I wanted to talk to Carson of course and I found her sitting on this jungle gym...at her college. She was sitting inside one of those little protective tunnel things with a group of friends. And, when I went up to see her, she stopped talking when I went up there and urged all her friends to stop talking too. I wondered why this was until I started to leave, feeling a bit dejected and dissipated. But, on my way down from this jungle gym, I heard them all arguing like my group of friends used to constantly do in junior high.     It made me feel bad for her, but at the same time, I felt in my heart that it was probably her doing. I don't know, this dream just really reminded me of junior high times and even today's times somewhat with my little group of friends. It made me hope to God that that isn't the kind of group I'll be with for the rest of my life. Don't get me wrong. I love my friends to death and I wouldn't change them but, less arguing over inconsequential things (this is really being directed toward my junior high days more than high school) would have been nice. I just thought it was an interesting reflective dream for me.      I'm excited to go out to dinner tonight, but at the same time sad. Another potentially good friend lost. It makes me sad. Well, happy dreaming everyone.      Much Love ~ XOXO  :)So, Tom's leaving super soon. It makes me really, really sad. I mean, I wasn't best friends with him or anything but I was starting to get to know him better. I hope he has a great time in Texas although he'll be missed a whole lot around here.So...good mood...to the MAX! Haha. It's funny considering I have a little story to tell.  Once upon a time, there lived a girl named Zatie. She lived in this small town filled with lots of stupid people, Paperville, Stillinois. She was driving home from summer school one day when the person in front of her abruptly slammed on their breaks. Then, Zatie also slammed on her breaks in order to not hit the person in front of her. And so, the fine yung gentleman behind her tried to slam on his breaks, but his breaks did not work fast enough. Sad. So, the young man hit Zatie's car. They had to call the police and file a report and Zatie's cute little car was hurt. :( So was the young man's. The young man was very polite though and made sure Zatie was ok and gave her a hug. What a nice young man. And so, unfortunately, it wasn't really anyone's fault, except for the person in front of Zatie, or perhaps the person in front of that person for slamming on their breaks. Luckily, since it was not Zatie's fault, she does not have to pay the bill.   Names have been changed to protect the integrity of the drivers.  OK, so, fine, it was me. This kid behind me, another kid coming from summer school, slammed into the back of my car. It wasn't pleasant. He was really polite though and we exchanged information and whatnot. Sad though. It wasn't really either of our faults and yet, he has to pay because it's technically his fault.   The rest of my day was much better than the first half. I went to my trumpet lesson and then I went to MC's house to watch a movie with...well, a lot of people. MC, Kelly, Brett, Jamal, John, Chang, Roger, Tom, Stephen and...i think that may have been it actually...amazingly. So, we watched the Secret Window. I came like halfway into it. I wasn't too impressed with the half that I saw. Then, we all went home and I went out again at first with Bryan and Matthew. Then, Matthew had to go home and Bryan and I hung out. So, very fun evening in all.   I worked out today too, which I haven't done in so long. It actually felt pretty good.   Anyway, I must be off to sleep. I wouldn't want to stay up any longer and find out bad news or something and have it ruin my good night. Night kiddies.I had a great night bowling with Diane, Bryan, Scott, Alex, and Katharine and then going to the park but...for some reason and I guess I know why, I'm in a really bad mood. There are so many things it could be though. I'm just so generally in a bad mood right now.   I don't even want to write. Maybe tomorrow.So, I have a few rather random asinine things to say right now. First, I'd like to express the sympathy I have right now for my mother who is in a car with someone she hates (she works with him) and she'll be there for the better part of seven hours. Ugh. I'd HATE to be in her position right now. It'd just mortify me to be in a car with someone I hated, much less someone I even truly liked for seven hours. I'm not exactly a roadtrip kind of gal.   Second, I was at the gas station filling up my tank (which, took forever might I add. Slowest pump ever) when this little other VW bug, the same color as mine, pulled into the spot behind me. I thought it was rather humorous.  And lastly, I was watching the news last night and they got to the the part where they talk about the tril of Scott Peterson. (They always do.) Come on people. Get over it. This is such a publicity stunt it amazes even me. Do you realize how often women are killed by their husbands because they don't want to deal with their wives anymore when they want to be in another relationship? This is just so ridiculous. I'm sorry if it's heartless, but honestly, II don't care about the trial. Stick him in jail. Set him free. I don't give a hoot. Just stop telling me about it.   And that's my little rant for the day. I think three random things should suit well for right now.   I do however have one thing to add that I forgot last night.   I do contest that it is simply abominable to be so vexed for a fortnight.   God, I love our book club.So, just finished with the book club for Pride and Prejudice and, I do sadly say that I was the only one who truly enjoyed the book. Oh well. Such is life. At least I got to read a book that I found to be truly splendid. We didn't get through the whole movie unfortunately, as it is six hours long...without commercials. I think it was meant for a mini series on A&E. However, I did enjoy the first half thoroughly and intend to rent the movie as soon as possible to watch the last half.   Anyway, it was a very nice meeting even if no one else enjoyed the book as much as I. Emily had a wonderful dinner and it was just a lot of fun. We haven't decided on our next book yet.   Things are going alright for the most part right now. There are unfortunate circumstances in certain things, but those wont be talked of in here. Well, I'm off to....I'm not sure what. I'll figure it out once I start doing whatever it is I am to do.So, I just finished watching the movie, Pay It Forward. I was going to go to sleep while watching a movie but, then I ended up watching it too closely. It's one of my favorite movies but it always depresses me SO much. Depresses, but at the same time sort of inspires. It's so ironic that the one person who tries and tries to do good for the world, ends up dead.   That's what makes me sad. It makes me think of how crappy the good people in this world are treated. If you want to get ahead in life, basically you have to be an ass. I mean, look at all the CEO's of big companies. It really depresses me sometimes. It's funny. Most of the time you watch those movies and are determined to do good (yes, I do realize the improper grammar) and you think that way for a bit but it slowly tapers off. I think I need to make like...a little sign that just says, "Pay It Forward." Then, maybe, I'll remember and keep the determination to do something nice for somebody.   Anyway, I'm tired and, kind of sad, so I guess I'll go sleep. Maybe I'll read more of Pride and Prejudice first. I actually love the book so far. I think I'll be the only one at the book club on Monday who enjoyed the book. Heh.   Much love.So, really, quite a good day. I definitely did more than expected. As I just told a friend, a perfectly splendid day. I went mini-golfing with friends and actually won with a 53....oh yeah. That's right baby. However, I did only win by two strokes. Then, we went to Noodles to have some...noodles, as Mary Clare put it so elequently. I made sure to call Peter and wish him a happy birthday and then, I went out with Bryan. Very fun times. We went to Cookie Dough Creations and walked around a bit and...just a good fun time. We definitely had some interesting conversations. :)   And now...I have to get going.. People to do, things to see. Wait, reverse that.   Lots of love.Good morning world. Um, yay for going to  sleep at 3:30 in the morning and waking up now to go on my college visit. Good times. Good times indeed.So, today was pretty fun. Last day of summer school over. I was going to hang out with Peter, but didn't end up doing that so, I went out with Matthew and Christopher. It was lots of fun. Then, I came home and talked to Matthew on the phone for like...2, maybe 2 and a half hours. It was fun but now I'm really tired and i'm visiting De Paul tomorrow. Night Kids.I was just thinking. In High school...there always seems to be that person for people that they always go back to liking....or really, really, really like a lot. It's funny.  It feels like you'll always remember that person even if you weren't best friends with them and probably wont talk to them after college but you'll still remember them anyway and think really fondly of them.Haha, I totally forgot until I read this message that Peter left me. Today I got measured for a dress for Wind Ensemble. Anyone care to shoot me? The top two bands have to have matching dresses. Dangiit. 90 bucks for a dress I'll wear only a few times. Boo.    And, oh yes. I forgot until I read Diane's blog!!!!    Wednesday, at Six Flags...we're gonne be big pimpin' baby...          It's big pimpin baby..        It's big pimpin, spendin G'sSo, long day, but very fun. Well....ok, parts were fun.  I ditched summer school (as previously mentioned) and went out to lunch with the gang. It was fun. I'll miss Kathryn. She's a good kid. Plus, Ke'ls going away for a few days. Bummer to the max. Plus, Bryan's leaving Sunday for like, a week. NO GOOD! :(     Oh well. After that, I went to my trumpet lesson which was ok. Not too bad. I ad to drive home in the rain though on the expressway. I was honestly scared out of my mind. *Shudder*    Oh well. Then, I came home, hung out for a while and then went out with Diane to get some Starbucks and chat. Then, we went to Matthew's work and annoyed him until he got off and we went to Diane's house. Fun, fun times indeed. Then, Matthew had to be home so I had him drive me too. We spent like, 20 minutes just talking though. It was nice. I haven't been alone with him in a while and it was just nice being around him. Super fun. :)     Then, I came home, expecting to write in here and go to bed...only to get a call from Bryan ten minutes later. So, Bryan and I went to hang out for about an hour and a half.     Wow, I spent time with a whole lot of different people today. Crazy.    Plus...PETER'S HOME!!!!!!! I'm so happy. I've actually really missed talking to him. What will I do when he goes to college?    Anyway, I must be off to bed now...night kiddies.    XOXOWell, good morning everyone...good late morning, but good morning nonetheless. I skipped summer school today seeing as we don't have a final and we don't have anything to do. And, I had one more day that I could take off. Wheee! I'm going to lunch today with Kathryn and them because it's Kathryn's last day before she leaves for camp for three weeks. Bummer!!     The Great America thing for next week is totally working out. So far it's Diane, Alex, Scott, Matthew, and me. Chri said he'd really try, which is awesome of him and we invited Peter too, but I'm not sure when he'll be back from his family reunion. I hope he can come. It'd be good to spend some time with him before he goes off to college.     Anyway, I must be off. Lots to do. :)This is my cousin's band. They don't suck actually. I know it's surprising. A high school band not sucking. Amazing, huh?          urlLink   This is their website! Go check it out!      And, the band's dog. Can't forget Bowser.            AND...this is Aiden...I could almost kiss the stars, they're shining so bright.     Tonight was fantastic! I haven't had so much fun in a long looong time! It was so amazing seeing David again. I thought it would be awkward, but it was as if nothing had changed at all. He still remembers all the embarassing stuff Kelly and I did so, he has blackmail...     That's the only problem with knowing people for so long. they know you as much as you know yourself. It's kind of nice having people like that. Like Kelly. I love being with Kelly.      When things are looking down and I hang out with her, just...spending time with her makes me happy. It reminds me of being a kid. No worries. None at all. I have so much fun every time and with David...I feel the same. I love the kid more than I love myself...and that's a heck of a lot. :) Heh.      I miss him. It's tough having him all the way in Georgia, but it's ok. After two years, we still see each other when he comes around, which really solidifies my belief that I'll never lose him as a friend. He's a lifelong buddy. He'll be there for the long haul. I can't honestly say that for many of my other friends. I just can't get over how carefree and happy I was just being with him.      Well, enough of that. It was also great seeing Nikki. We don't hang out too much anymore, but it's always fun when we do. We always have a good time no matter what.      Well, I have nothing more to write right now. On the way home with Kelly, the song, "What a Wonderful World," came on the radio and I was quietly singing it to myself thinking...maybe the world's not perfectly wonderful, but the people I spend with in it are.OK, so, I wanted to change the little picture on the side of my page to Laa Laa, the yellow telletubby. So, I go to google and type in, "pictures of telletubbies." And so, I find the picture I want, not even bothering to look at what website it is, then when I go to copy the location on here, it says it's from transexuals.org...    Interesting.     Well, that wont stop me from using a perfectly good picture. However, it does make me wonder why a transexual site that's probably clearly popular, what with having an easy domain name to remember, has a section on telletubbies. I do understand the great debate over Tinky Winky, but really...I don't know. That's a little weird, even for me.    But, anyway, I was looking at some of the pictures and, I realized how long it's been since I watched the show. Look at this place. Who wouldn't want to live there? And, you get more than the nice land, you get the dictator baby face as a sun!Shake it like a salt shaka'.    It's funny. the one night I didn't stay up until three in the morning, I wake up late the next morning. Silly me. Silly, silly me. I was so tired last night after shopping with my mom for the day. It was awesome. I got to go to Woodfield so, I got to go to    Forever XXI   and   HM .  I was excited. :) I got lots of stuff too. I got a dress....like a regular dress that I'll ahve to wear sometime. I like it a lot even though it is a dress.    Today, I woke up late for summer school and like, ran out the door. I didn't even get to shower. I HATE that. I hate waking up and not being able to take a shower. Ms. St. Vincent brought in her dogs so, it was a party. Lots of fun. My paper was acceptable so, I don't have to write it again. I'm glad she graded them like that because if she hadn't, that'd definitely be a D paper. Heh...oh well. That's the hard work of 45 minutes of writing and playing Snood...ahem....     Anyway, tonight I get to see     DAVID!!!!   I'm super excited. He's one of my life long buddies. I've been friends with him for like, 16 years. We were diaper buddies along with Kelly. :) Now, if I could just get in touch with Nick, my old naptime buddy, I'd be set for friends I've had since I was born basically!     We're going bowling with Kelly.....the three diaper amigos. And then, I think a bunch of other people are coming too since this is his last night in town. Bummer. So, yeah. It should be fun times. I'm hoping Carson's there and I'll get a chance to see her too. Nikki's coming as well, so it'll be nice to hang out with her since we don't get to hang out so much anymore.    Diane and I have set a day for Six Flags. Wednesday the 28th. YaY! I'm excited. I'm happy I finally found someone who loves roller coasters as much as I do. Whoooo....     Well, I'm off. I need to get my mom's birthday present. :)So, Matthew and I showed up at Diane's house tonight and we called her cell phone and we were like, "look out your window." It was funny. I really wanted to surprise her with some guests and I just thought it would be fun. At first I felt bad, like I was inconveniencing them but Diane seemed to appreciate our little ambush. We watched parts of Jackass again because Matthew hadn't seen it yet. Ah, I loved the foghorn part....again. I can't get enough of that foghorn.Bryan brought Pierre back to me!!!!! YaY Bryan!!!! He's my hero now. And he even put Pierre's language setting back to French. What a guy, huh? I'm so happy to have him back. I mean...not that I gave him a hug when I walked in my door or anything...ahem....anyway, I must be off. I'm hanging out with Matthew. YaY! :)So, I feel really uncomfortable without Pierre (my cell phone.) I don't like not having him when I'm driving or when I'm out and whatnot. I'm thinking of going to Bryan's house to get it, but I'm also thinking I'm too lazy to do that. I might just wait until I see him next, which will probably be in the next few days. I've seen him a lot this summer. Too much if you ask me. jk, jk, lol...oh how I hate that phrase. That whole last sentence there was definitely meant to make Bryan annoyed. :) I'm not quite sure what to do with my day yet. I know I need to do my paper but, I don't know. It would feel weird doing the paper before 10:00 tonight. It'd seem so...unnaturual...   I really have nothing else to say right now. Maybe I'll come back with an interesting thought or anecdote, but in all likelihood...I wont.   Peace.   Hm, I was just thinking after I wrote, "peace," that that's a very Peter thing to say. I miss him, strange as that is...   So, I don't have Peter or even my cell phone who's the french peter. Aw, I miss Peter and Pierre. Bummer. :(Tonight was fun. I went to Diane's house with Bryan, Scott and Katharine. We rented the movie Jackass. I have to say, as stupid as I thought the show was, the movie was pretty funny. I lauged a lot. I'd have to say my favorite part is when the guy keeps blowing the foghorn. Funny stuff I tell ya, funny stuff. :)    I'm glad Diane wasn't alone on her 18th birthday either. That would have been a bummer! Plus...she got to laugh a little. YaY laughing! And now I get to go do the homework I've been avoiding doing. Heh. Fun times.I was just reading some of my comments for this blog and I was reading one of Joannes and I realized she's coming home really soon...compared to how long she's been gone. I'm really, really excited. I think it'll be great to have her back. My sarcastic buddy...how I've missed her. Well, I'm off to go watch a movie at Diane's. Have a lovely evening kids.The answer is blowin' in the wind...HAPPY   BIRTHDAY   DIANE!!!     So, one of my really good friends, Diane, is 18 today. She had her party last night and it was super fun. Before the party, Katharine and I went to the mall to get her a present. We had no clue what to get her, but we found what we wanted to get her within like, the first ten minutes. We got her ths tinkerbell lunchbox from the disney store because we know she likes tinkerbell. :) Then we got her these dirty playing cards from Spencers since it is her 18th birthday.  They had these naked men on them....holy crap.....they were  so good looking. Then we just filled the lunch box with some candy and the cards and stuff.  We made her the coolest card ever too. I made a heart with antlers and it was funny because we couldn't find glue, so it looked like a five year old made the card. Fun, fun times though. Really.     At Diane's house we just hung around for a while. Then, Jim, Stephen, and Cameron, and Ryan (who I was really shocked to see since I hadn't seen him since gym class) showed up. We knew they were there because Jim played his horn. Man, it's the FUNNIEST thing ever. I love it. So, they brought this game they made, bean bags. I'd never played it before, but it's super fun. I was surprised. We had a massive tournament. Fun times.     Then, we had Diane's AWESOMELY GOOD cake. It was so good. I liked it a LOT! Then, I played a game of euchre with Scott,  Bryan and Chris. Scott was my partner and we kicked butt. 10 to 2. We won. They claim it's because I had good hands and...well, I suppose I did. Hah. But, we still rocked them so, it was fun.     Then, Diane opened her presents and people started to leave. So, we just hung around the table. Talking and having a good time. We played this interesting game that probably would have been more fun had I not been tired. I was SO tired by the end of the night. It was crazy. Probably because the night before last, I went to bed at 5 in the morning and woke up at 9. Ugh....that wasn't cool. Well, I'm off to go read or something.OK, so, no Village. Bummer, definitely, but that's alright. I mean, these things happen. I'm sure I'll see it at some other time. I got pictures of the new baby too! My cousin had a baby...and, because we hate all those stupid distant relative things, Lauren said I could just be Aunt Catie. Hah. I can't wait to go see her!!       Sophia Katharine! This is her with my cousin Chris and his wife Erin. :)       I also have pictures from Great America and other random times that I borrowed from Diane.        This is my dear Fiance Matthew....A.K.A., Cookie Monster...       I think Matthew may be cheating on me with the Cookie Monster...       How DOES he do that??? What a crazy trick!!!       Haha...creepy pedophile Alex!!!       YaY Daffy! It took us a while to get this picture. The kids around us kept running up to him. Like on Wednesday when those two little girls totally schooled Matthew and stole his car.        Diane totally had a thing for Mr. Six. We didn't force her to do this at all..........but...hey, look how happy he looks!!    Well, I just got home from doing a bunch of stuff. I started doing this at like 8:00 and then...I got a call that saved me from an evening of boredome. Matthew and Jim called me and we hung out for a while and then Matthew had to go home, so I came home and was walking up my stairs and my mom was like, "So, are you in for the night now?" And I told her, "Well, I am if no one else calls." And...just as I said that, my phone rang and it was Diane!!    We went to downtown Naperville to bring Evan a shake from Steak 'N Shake and we sat on the riverwalk for a while waiting for him. It was fun. We talked lots. It was just a really fun evening and looking at all these pictures makes me really happy. I absolutely love all my friends. They're always there for me and they make high school so much better. I might actually be able to look back and say this was one of the best times of my life. That's saying a lot.       Well, I'm off to sleep. I have senior pictures tomorrow.  Nighty night kiddies. :)Today was good. For the first time, I truly felt that our trumpet sectional went well. It was really, really productive.  Tonight, I think I'm going to go see The Village with the clan. I was going to go with Jim and Matthew and Diane and them, but I had the sectional...so, nope. Oh well. It's cool. I wanted to spend time with Kels and MC and stephen and all them before they leave this weekend.  I'm listening to this song that MC and Kels were telling me about and I love it. It's sad, but I really, really do like it.    There's a man Standing on the corner with a sign saying, "Will work for food" You know the man, you see him every morning The one you never give your money to You can sit there with your window rolled up Wonderin' when the light's gonna turn green Never knowin' what a couple more bucks in his pocket might mean  What if he's an angel Sent here from heaven And he's makin' certain that you're doin' your best to take the time To help one another Brother, are you gonna pass that test?  You can go on with your day to day Tryin' to forget what you saw in his face Knowing deep down, it could have been his saving grace What if he's an angel?  There's a man and there's a woman living right above you in apartment G There's a lot of noise coming through the ceiling and it don't sound like harmony You can sit there with your tv turned up, while the words and his anger fly But come tomorrow when you saee her with her shades on, can you look her in the eye?  What if she's an angel Sent here from heaven And she's makin' certain that you're doin your best To take the time to help one another Brother, are you gonna pass that test? You can go on with your day to day Tryin' to forget what you saw in her face Knowing deep down it could have been her saving grace What if she's an angel?  A little girl on daddy's lap Hidin' her disease with a baseball cap You can turn the channel, most people do But, what if you were sittin in her daddy's shoes?  Maybe she's an angel Sent here from heaven And she's makin certain that you're doin your best To take the time to help one another Brother, are you gonna pass that tes?  You can go on with your day to day Tryin' to forget what you saw in her face Knowing deep down, it could have been her saving grace  What if she's an angel?Well, tonight was a lot of fun.I just hung out with the clan...or what's  left of the clan. Jer's on vacation, Kath's at Work Crew, and Chen is also away.  Amit's leaving tomorrow and MC, Stephen AND Kels are leaving this weekend. I  will be stuck without the clan for a week.       BUMMER!!!      But, that's ok. It's not like I don't have other friends I've been spending time with. Matthew will be gone too. :( so many people will be gone. It's terrible. But, oh well.    Tonight, e just went to the MGPPL (Meadow Glen's Park Parking Lot.)  We're exciting kids, aren't we? But, after that, we went to Colonial to get some ice cream. Fun times. And, tomorrow night, I must do something with them since they're all going out of town.     Sunday, Carson invited me to go see the drum corps show with the Cavies!!! I'm so excited! YaY Cavies! So, I'll get to hang with Carson and see the Cavies.  SWEET.I just talked to MC on the phone for a bit. I've had some very good phone conversations lately even though  I'm not a big fan of the thing. I had a good conversation with Kenny the other day for quite some time. Very odd but fun. Then, I had a pretty good talk with Peter. Amazing. We both hate phones but somehow managed to have a nice talk. Well, I'm off to the MG with MC and Kels.Well, ok, busy last few  days. Definitely. Fun though. Tuesday evening I had a sectional, which royally  sucked. I was so aggravated and...I just eneded up ending it early because I was  so frustrated. I talked to Erica and Peter for a bit afterward and then came  home. They cheered me up a bit, definitely.   Then, yesterday was Six  Flags of course. That was a ton of fun. On the way to Diane's house, Alex pulled  into a driveway to turn around, but it was on Wherli and the street was super  busy and you couldn't really see. the cars from the drivers seat, so Matthew was  telling him when to go and stuff and when we finally almost went, Matthew goes,  "Go after this SUV...no, not this one, this one. FU**IN' GO NAVSKI!!!"    Ah, it toally made my day and it was only 7:45 in the morning. W  etotally peeled backward out of the driveway.   Six Flags was awesome too  of course. We got on all the rides we wanted to. It wasn't nwarly as crowded as  last time. I didn't feel very well for part of the day, but it was fine.    Then, in the line for Raging Bull (the first time) Alex found this ring  on the ground and Matthew was like, "oh, give it to me." And...he proposed to  me. Haha. So, now I'm engaged. Good times. My engagement ring is a nice elastic  five dollar ring. At least it's not from a cracker jack box. :)   And, oh  gosh. I've never loved teacups as much as I did yesterday. It was amazing.  Matthew and Alex spun us SO super fast. It was insane. "the g forces!!!!! I feel  like I'm having a baby!!!!"   Haha. Fun, FUN times. And of course, we went  on Raging Bull as the last part of the day. That's becoming tradition. Last ride  of the day, front row. It was awesome. Matthew brought a pretzel up. Haha. It  was crazy, when we started to go down, he held it out and it like...hovered for  a second or two and then flew up and off. It was crazy.   Then, unfortunately comes the worst part of the day. On our way out, there were a few lanes of traffic leaving and then one lane for incoming traffic. Well, there was a car going through the incoming traffic and, of course it was going faster than the rest because there wasn't nearly as much incoming traffic. Well, we all heard this big boom. We seriously thought it was a fender bender. And, we heard all these people screaming and yelling, and we didn't understand at first, but as we got farther up, we saw that it wasn't another car that the first car hit. It was a person or people. We weren't sure how many people the car hit. At least seven police cars came, two ambulances, and a fire truck. I just...couldn't believe that a car hitting a person could make a sound like that. It just wont get out of my head. I just keep hearing it. It sounded like when the guy rear ended me a few weeks ago. That's not a sound a car should make when hitting a person. I'm looking around in the newspapers trying to find information about it, but I've been unsuccessful so far.   It was just....such a shock. None of us knew what  to do. We wanted to help somehow, but we knew we couldn't. We went to Steak 'N  Shake, but I wasn't really all that hungry after that.   So, I said a  prayer for all the people involved. It's just that sound keeps reverberating in  my head. And, as we were driving by, the sound of that woman screaming and  crying, "I was going so slow, I was going so slow!!!"   It honestly just  brings me to tears.   But, life must go on. I feel bad for going on with  my life when someone else may have died. It's just an awful thought. I guess I  have to though. I mean, it does no good for me to sit and dwell about it. All I  can do is pray for all parties involved.   Today, I went and...well, I was  a rebel. Diane knows what I'm talking about. :) It actually wasn't bad at all.  I'm happy.   And, I talked to Carson FINALLY! :) It was super. She told me  about an old jr. high teacher that's being investigated for sexual harassment of  some sort I guess. I'm not surprised. She was even questioned. I might be too.  I'm scared. the one time I was questioned by a police officer scared the heck  out of me, but I was only in sixth grade. I'm sure I could handle being  questioned by the superintendant...TP. It's just weird to think that he's  finally being investigated. We all kind of thought he was creepy, but...yeah.  It's sscary to think it's actually happening now.   Well, I've written  enough for now, and I need to go out with friends...or something. I need some  fun :) Woo. Later days.Hehehehehe. I just got home from going out with Christopher. Super fun night. He made me feel much better than I was. It was totally like old times. I feel so sneaky even though I didn't sneak out. Just coming home this late feels sneaky! Hehehehehehehe. Night kiddies.Tonight was fun.     I finally got to hang out with Mary Clare. The clan came and picked me up and we went to the video store only to decide that we really didn't want anything, so we went downtown Naperville for a bit. It was good times.     Then, I felt bad for not going out with Matthew as I said I would, so I went out with him and Chris for about an hour. And, I can't believe I'm still up. I need sleep but, Chris wants to sneak out, so I'm going to take a walk with him. It shall be fun.     Today was pretty bad other than that though. It's not great being blamed for something that isn't your fault ever. It just made me very angry. However a good friend of mine said tthat I have a terrific laugh. It made me really happy because he seemed so sincere about it. Just him saying that one thing to me made my day a ton better.     But anyway, it's sad. I wont get to see the clan for so long. :( Maybe they can pick me up from my sectional tomorrow night.  Plus, I want to go see Mary Clare and Stephen while they're working. Maybe the clan can take them out to lunch.     For those of you who don't know, the clan consists of Stephen, MC, Tom (even though he has since left)  Jeremy, Chen, Amit, Roger, Kels, Kath, and myself. It's a good clan.  It was really the boys to begin with, but Kels, Kath, MC, and myself have kind of....pushed our way into it. :)This summer has really been going by fast. I don't even know where the time went! I mean, summer school was six weeks long, but it went by so fast. It was like I went for a week or something. Awesome.     What isn't awesome though, is the fact that summer is coming to a close much faster than expected. I still need to hang out with a few people more before they go away to college and I still want to do so much more. I almost wish I hadn't done the section leader thing for marching band because, it's creating a lot of problems. It's just really stressful. I don't like it as much as I thought I would.     I hate when that happens. When you have such high expectations for something and it just turns out completely different than you thought. I guess I'm not just talking about the section leader thing but just things in general. I think maybe I should make it a general rule to have low expectations. That way, I'm almost always pleased with what I get. Pessimistic? Yes, yes it is. But, that's ok. That glass has to be half empty at some point.I don't think very many people realize how beautiful it is to wake up late and NOT have summer school!!! It's just...brilliant, absolutely brilliant!So, I was thinking today that it rocks that Diane and I are becomign much, much better friends this summer. We've been hanging out so much lately and it's a ton of fun every time we get together. It's always a party. Plus...she loves Six Flags, which I do too. That's always nice! Heh. Anyway, I'm off to probably sleep. Mary Clare....please say you can do something sometime soon. I haven't seen you in too long. :(So...yeah, awesome day...totally. Really long, but awesome nonetheless. It began nicely and ended perfectly. I went to De Paul today to visit and see the campus and stuff and I actually really, really like it. I like the campus and the surrounding area, which is where I'll be living. YaY Lincoln Park. So, that was fun. Then, my mom and I went shopping on Michigan Avenue....always fun! YaY Then, my brother and I took my mom out for her birthday dinner and gave her the gift we got her! It was fun! Super fun. Then, I came home, went to Bryans for a while, came home and talked to Chris on the phone for a long time. We haven't done that in forever. I guess I'm not surprised since Kristen's gone for two weeks. You take what you can get, right? So, it was just nice talking with him like we used to do in the old days. Hah.   So, my day began and ended very well and the in between stuff rocked. But now, I'm super tired. and must retire to my chambers. Hah. I've always wanted to say that. Night Kids.Some days this song just sticks in my head and it wont leave. Some days I wish things were different even though I really love and appreciate my life here. Some days I just feel like I need to run away for a few days and everything will be better. Then, some days, I realize that I can't do any of those things and I bear it and grin and keep this song in my head.  Somewhere over the  r  a  i  n  b  o  w  Way up high There's a land that I heard of Once in a lullaby  Somewhere over the  r a i n b o w        Skies are  blue  There, the dreams that you dare to dream Really do come true  Some day I'll wish upon a  *star*  and wake up where the clowds are far behind me Where troubles melt like  lemon drops  Way above the chimney tops That's where you'll find me  Somewhere over the  r a i n b o w         Bluebirds  fly Birds fly over the  r a i n b o w        Why then, oh why can't I?  If happy little  bluebirds  fly Beyond the  r a i n b o w         Why, oh why, can't I?     It's been a rollercoaster of a night. Ah, the typical teenage psyche rears it's ugly head.I really need to start writing more. I mean, it's summer. I'm supposed to have more time to write and stuff and yet...I don't. I have almost no free time. The free time I do have, I use to eat and sleep. Heh. Good use of free time I suppose.  Then again, sometimes I get the eating thing done while I'm busy.  Busy day tomorrow. Eye doctor, lesson, getting my hair done, and taking my mom to the doctor...followed by the band pre-camp thing. Mike Klos brought up an amazingly eye-opening point. Our first performance is in three weeks. THREE! Un fricking believable...  Another thing just occurred to me thanks to Chris. Only one more week I'll be able to see him and he'll be gone. So will Peter. Two of my best friends in the world. Gone. I just don't know what to think. Time has snuck up on me so fast this summer.  It's just slipping away so fast and Brandon will be home already on Tuesday...  I'm so excited to see him. I really, really miss him. I'm glad he isn't going away this year.  South Park: Bigger, Longer and Uncut was good though...heh, that's my lighter note....  I wish things had been a little better between me and Chris this summer, but things change with friends, and I don't think we'll stop being friends really. I just kind of wish he could have gone away and we could have been even close to as close as we were before.  I need to stop thinking. I need to sleep. I need to take my brain out and let all the bad stuff get hammered out...  Good night.Good things.  Joanney comes home in two days!!! I went bowling with my friends last night and it was super fun. Hm....my hair smells good right now?   Bad things I wont be home at all the day Joanne comes home I royally sucked at bowling last night. Like...the worst I've bowled since I was six! I'm super hungry and just too lazy to go get food I have that freshman/section leader pre-camp thing tonight. BUMMER TO THE EXTREME MAX!    I guess I could go stop being lazy and get myself some food.There are constant reminders about random acts of kindness, but the human race just isn't ready to fulfill world peace. I think that's a somewhat arbitrary phrase anyway.  I don't honestly think it's possible to achieve world peace. I think it's a great goal to aspire to if it helps, but I'd rather aspire to the goal of just trying to do something nice for someone every day. If everyone did that, yeah, maybe we wouldn't achieve world peace, but we'd be a lot closer.  And, I'm not really sure where that thought comes from. i just started typing, and that's what came out of my little fingers.  Last night was so much fun. I was absolutely taken away by the corps. I'm so glad Carson invited me. It was terrific to hang out with her and great to see all the corps. It was funny. One of them played Savannah River Holiday. I sat there for a few minutes trying to figure out why I recognized the song. It was pretty amusing. I was like...wow, I know what's coming up in this song!  As of today, no plans yet. It just feels good to sleep in on occasion now because there isn't any summer school.  The DCI show last night actually made me sort of excited for marching band. However, I know everyone wont feel as excited and pumped up so, I know not everyone will try as hard. That's the way it is every year. Especially since this year is a Disney year, there are of course people who join just for Disney. So, those people wont care about the show aspect so much, but...I'm still going to give it my all.Babysitting yesterday wasn't all that bad. Nine hours of three little kids and a puppy. It could have been a lot worse, but I made lots of money. :) Excellent. Plus, people called Pierre and talked to me. That was fun.  I'm so excited for the Cavies show tonight with Carson. Carson and I have much to talk about still. YaY for Cavies and Carson. I just know it will be a fun evening.
new file
cupid,please hear my cry, cupid, please let your arrow fly  straight into my fucking head.Ijust got back from LA. I needed something to do so I looked up shows and ended up getting to see Deathray Davies that same night. I brought back shirts and stickers.my brother in law was impressed enough to purchase one of there albums.they were followed by this stoner/boogie band called Honky which allegedly contains and ex-Butthole Surfer.I didnt dig them too well.they were like the melvins and ZZ top combined. they even had redneck cowboy hats and silly 3 inch long goatees. their antics consisted of tipping there hats and torturing the audiance with between song chatter. they have a small lesbian following.  I didnt know the davies had like 6 members. I met the singer, his brother, and the second keyboardist.he didnt much care for honkey either.  thanx to colt from poulain for the correspondence. I hope we meet again except a show where WE are playing too.  just got ozma,hey mercedes!, and deep elms "emo is awesome/evil" sampler all discounted down to nuthin at the hot topic.  turns out coachella is outragously overpriced.Im feel ill thinking about it. I should bust in that bitch woodstock style.  I cant find a proper album by The Fall at any mainstream outlet.did S.D.R.'s "diary" album go out of print?  I cant wait for the saves the day show with the fire theft(speaking of SDR),grandaddy and DIOSYesterday thousands of demonstrators marched (or rather walked, lazily) through the streets of the dead city of Warsaw  - with no people downtown except policemen on every other corner, against the brown background of wooden covers nailed to the shop windows and doors. Almost every commercial or public establishment downtown was covered for protection against the supposedly violent anti-globalists. But to the astonishment of the people of Warsaw, and the police themselves, no violent acts occurred. The worst thing that happened is that the protesters threw rolls of toilet paper on the policemen lined up behind the barriers. And while they did that, they shouted: "Assholes!"  Did I see all of that with my own eyes? Unfortunetly not. I wish I had seen the colorful parade of anarchists, socialists, Radical Cheerleaders, and heard the music playing from the speakers on one of the platforms: reportedly ska and punk! But I wasn't able to. Well, maybe next time. Anarchist leaders declare that their movement is just beginning to gather momentum and more demonstrations like that should be expected! Long live freedom, long live rock and roll! To hell with the army and the corrupt government!Robert de Niro  You are like the cult actor of the 1970s, Robert de Niro! Universally admired by men, the iconic tough guy, slightly demented, but irresistible. Always balancing on the edge of what's right and wrong, legal and illegal, safe and dangerous, you somehow manage to keep it together. You pretty much hate women because perhaps you've been hurt in the past. But you never know - maybe one day an angel will cross your path who will huide you and you'll see the world in different light.    urlLink   Which cult movie actor are you like?     brought to you by  urlLink QuizillaWe're sitting at a little round table together relaxed soft music flowing from the speakers some early Radiohead or something like that and we're just sitting, silent looking at each other you are so calm I'm just waiting for the next gig a swift change from the past Sometimes I think it was but a dream living so many miles apart each of us immersed entirely in their own drama Well, except that I really really wanted to be in yours too and here we are sitting so close together so calm and in place my immense problems are finally long gone my history far behind me a mere memory of sick helplessness"If you're so funny  Then why are you on your own tonight ?  And if you're so clever  Then why are you on your own tonight ?  If you're so very entertaining  Then why are you on your own tonight ?  If you're so very good-looking  Why do you sleep alone tonight ?  I know ...  'Cause tonight is just like any other night  That's why you're on your own tonight  With your triumphs and your charms  While they're in each other's armsOh the beautiful moments of self-insight... I am a heretic! Tis true, sir?   And to think that just last night I watched a film about Heaven and Hell! A very cool film with Penelope Cruz and the deadly beautiful Gael Garca Bernal as the devil! If hell is really run by such a guy, hell, why not!!!"It's not nuclear bombs we must fear, but the human mind itself, or lack of it, on this planet." - DEVO, 1981  ____________________________________________________________  "Maybe this world is another planet's Hell."  - Aldous Huxleyjust came back from a Rock Against Bush Show in Riverside CA saw NOFX,Alkaline Trio (again!),Jello Biafra and Against All Authority it was great, great,great I found myself in the middle of an all short asian girl mosh pit and still managed to escape unaccosted.wait, they werent really moshing, they were just trying to see Fat Mike.Nihilist Bear    urlLink   Which Dysfunctional Care Bear Are You?     brought to you by  urlLink Quizilla      thats bullshit, the part about kitties. I may be a nihilist, but I still LOOOOVES the Pussy! (and I also give a shit about cats as anyone who knows me will tell you. all animals, no matter how loathsome were trained to believe.humans are worse...)13. Belts? Yes, especially wide and with studs 14. Jewelry? Only some unique items 15. Punk style "doggy" collars? No... 16. Band t-shirts? Yes, lots 17. Bright flashy colors? Yes, sometimes, if it's a plain tight tee for example, but then it has to go with a lot of black 18. Stripes? Yes, lots! Especially horizontal black/white 19. Tartan? Yes, some, but preferably on the inside of jackets and stuff 20. High-heels or platforms? None, thank you 21. Bell-bottoms or drainpipes? Drainpipes, of course.The Jesus and Mary Chain Johnny Thunders Bad Religion ...?My style quiz (copy and paste in your answers) :  1. Tight or loose? tight 2. How much red? a little bit, in accessories 3. Sports prints? NO 4. Button pins? Yes, many, both with band logos and other designs (I just acquired a new button with the word punk and the big number 77 printed in black bold letters on a grey background) 5. Sports shoes? Only if they're not white and not bulky 6. How much black? A lot, but never plain, always with other accents 7. Flowery designs? NO 8. Headbands? No 9. Leather? Yes, but preferably faux 10. Two-tone? YES, THIS IS ONE OF THE ULTIMATE PURE STYLES 11. Doc Martens? Yes, but chiefly the cheap imitations  12. Brand names? Hardly. I prefer self-made and old clothes.   To be ctd. (some time later)How do you define good taste? Is image important? Can you skip the way the band members look and just listen to the music? How far can you go with jewelry? Are bandanas cheesy? How to dress to a concert when it's very cold? Can you mix styles? How "manly" is a girl allowed to look? How "womanly"? Which kind of second-hand t-shirts with prints are the coolest? How many sport style elements can you incorporate into your club look?  These are the questions that occupy me today. Rethinking style in clothing. It's because I saw an old Polish film from the early 80s about a girl who is trying to make a name for herself in rock, and many performances by mainstream rock and underground punk bands were featured in it. And the things I saw there (as far as looks are concerned) only confirmed my opinion of the 1980s in fashion - bad, bad, bad style! Still, some of the things I heard were really cool (of course what I mean here are performances by Dezerter and Rejestracja). So today I decided to think about style and its importance in music.the children in there fake leather jackets looked very BRMC as they harrassed the rich old lady in a fur coaturlLink    in Kristin we trust...Watching Bluffer's Guide to Britpop foreseeing my future fighting against disillusionment looking around and catching no glimpse of meaningful experience just dreams dreams, dreams, dreams...urlLink    the sound of a broken hearturlLink    in heaven everything is fine"you should not go to them,let them come to you, like I do, Just like I do..."The Society Of the Spectacle bt Guy Debord is my new favorite book right next to Marx's Communist Manifesto. he takes Marx and applies it to 20th century anarchism.mostly very anti-media. not even really against,just showing the spactacle for what it really is.we want to escape The Matrix.I recently lost my job. I sort of wanted to lose it actually. Kind of like a relationship that no longer works. Im looking for a job now that doesnt involve much responsibility. too bad the nearest hot topics is at least 2 hours away. I wouldnt have to dress up for the job interview. when no one else is at home I like to play "setting sun" by the chemical brothers thru one blown speaker really loud while I perfect my robot dance. it keeps my neighbours on theyre toes. Im convinced one of my neighbours is actually a pirate.he has a beard,swords and exotic birds.he's an eyepatch away from pillaging the neighbourhood. I special ordered my monochrome black chuck taylor hi-tops, for job interviews and work.hard to find vegan work shoes. my new favorite band is The Shins, but Oh Inverted World! era, I didnt like Chutes Too Narrow as much as the critics. its BeachBoys-esque in a an updated indie rock way, Like another favorite band of mine, Dios. I started cutting my own hair again (and dying it heavy Blue-Black). recent purchases: violent femmes-rock!!! best of elvis costello Belly-sun ep PJ Harvey-rid of me romeo and julliet movie soundtrack rock music: a tribute to weezer (I got the dvd and I still need to get the blue album deluxe edition) Ozma-spending time on the Borderline Rufio-EP The Smiths-best of volume 2  next time Im going to write a thesis on the lyrical conten of the Sugarcubes "lifes too good" album. Gotta see The new Pixies DVD cant wait for the jandek film to come out on DVD too! (I played dome jandek this morning for my sis and her husband.he compared it to Jim Morrison's poetry albums!)  oh and the pictures. the black-haired young man in the reggie and the full effect t shirt is of course me, and the little girl washing dishes is my niece when she was about 3. I love that pic, you can read into it on so many different levels. a heavily photoshopped version is going to be used in flyers and as a single sleeve. and the pic of me was taken in riverside CA in a motel before the NOFX show and before the Absinthe started to kick in. thats Joe X. seated behind me and an Absinthe bottle by my hand. marta,please send some raNdom pics for me to put on here.urlLink    nice shirtCLASH guitarist and current LIBERTINES co-producer MICK JONES has declared the forthcoming album "sensational", and has even drawn comparisons between the band and his own legendary outfit. The whole story at NME.com:  http://www.nme.com/news/108479.htm  urlLink1. 'Banquet' - Bloc Party 2. any Clash video except "Rock the Casbah..." :) 3. Kasabian 'Club Foot'Tonight, while looking through my old photo albums in which I also keep various postcards and stickers and other cool stuff I get from friends, I've discovered an old postcard I got with four blurry color photos of Baghdad from last year and a little hadwritten comment in the middle "Wish I wasn't here..." That just blew me away. I thought bloody hell, this card's message is still so valid today! Sadly enough. Bad news keep coming in, and I keep watching them and asking myself, can we really do nothing about it? Is this democracy all about?   "Ever get the feeling you've been CHEATED?"A subtle understatement that was not, but... :) *shy smile* I'm overwhelmed by it."I don't want to start any blasphemous rumours, But I think that God's got a sick sense of humour, And when I die I expect to find Him laughing"the Taxi Driver ruled last night.1. Vespa 2. Dezerter 3. Kryzys1. Razorlight - "Golden Touch" 2. Kill Kenada - "Massachusetts Murder Medallion" 3. The Datsuns - "Blacken My Thumb"She said. They laughed. And in less than five minutes, they were dead.  So beware all you terrorists, assasins and murderers! When this war is over (or maybe even sooner) you will be caught. And then you will be judged in your own country, according to your law, before the eyes of your victims' families, maybe by your neighbor, whom you threatened, or who was threatened by someone like you. And you'll be convicted, and banned for the rest of your life from the community you pretended to fight for. With no chance of dying honorably in the fight for your cause. That will be your punishment: dying alone, in a stinking, cold cell, with no one to talk to but your self-pity and disgrace.urlLink Polish journalist killed in Iraq (Yahoo News)Best new videos on MTV2: 1. "Massachusetts Murder Medallion" - Kill Kenada 2. "Tell Me What You See" - The Von Bondies 3. "Bittersweet Bundle of Misery" - Graham Coxon 4. "The Rat" - The Walkmen 5. "Winning Days" - the Vines 6. "Irish Blood, English Heart" - Morrisey 7. "Ch-check it out" - the Beastie BoysI wonder should I get myself a t-shirt with Jarvis Cocker. I've seen some old Pulp videos recently and he seems very photogenic, especially live... anyway. I found out that his band has been around since 1978! That's a very long time... so it dates back to the time of punk. That's cool. I'd never say he was that age..   Soundtrack for today: 1. The White Stripes "Hotel Yorba" 2. Grant Lee Buffalo "The Whole Shebang" 3. Pulp "We Are the Boyz" 4. Venus In Furs "Bitter-Sweet" 5. Pidzama Porno "Antifa (the same gang)1. The Symphony of Sound 2. Velvet Goldmine 3. Almost Famous 4. The Blues Brothers ? 5. The Rolling Stones' Rock'n'Roll CircusRamones OK! It's punk rock day tomorrow! The Vibrators and UK Subs back in Poland!I have a few hours today before Band Practice, so thats what Im saving the last 2 ultrams in my little orange jar for.I need espresso. I think theirs a dead body in my bed this morning. Ive said it before and I'll say it again; we are like the new Yeah Yeah Yeah's, except we're dudes.yeah.and we arent nearly as custom-designed. Like maybe if they did more songs like "Maps". remember when Karen O. was hot? except for now she looks like some psycho muppet lady in ugly pantyhose.oh I forgot; Last Nite I dreamt that we were hanging out with Ikey, the large black man who plays keyboards in both the Long Beach Dub All-Stars and the Mars Volta. This was because he was auditioning to join our band! sweet!   Im gonna start drinking my beer thru a straw, in order to appear cooler.Does fear accompany us in most of the things we do every day? In most decisions we make? Every time we are facing a choice? Every time we do something important? Is fear manageable? Is it really a good thing if we're afraid of fear itself? What does it mean to be afraid of fear?  Many people, animals and things in this world have a double nature. Does everyone have a good and a bad side to them? Are we harmless professors in broad daylight and violent beasts at night?  How can you get to know the true nature of things? Of people? How do you ever know if the person you love is not a cruel, vicious creature that'll use you and abandon you without any warning? How do you know if the person who is thought to be a ruthless murderer is not the dearest of your friends? How do you find that out before you get to fight them?  These are the questions that were asked in the latest Harry Potter film, "Prisoner of Azkaban." A film more gloomy and sending even more shivers down your spine than could be expected. A film funny and wise. For people who like questions, not just answers.Last night I saw a part of Kubrick's "Full Metal Jacket", with no dubbing or subtitles... wow. I mean it was enough to hear those boys speak... I was into it immediately. And the black humor. Deadpan...  I'm getting lots of messages from guys on a dating service I've joined. Just one of them was indecent, though. It's amazing sometimes how much of something you can get when you don't really need it...the tickets have arrived, I have the tickets, I am going to THE WARPED TOUR!!! now I need to make some cash... I want a Pug Puppy.  I want an indie chick,where is my indie chick?"Beware!      I bear more grudges      than lonely high court judges      when you sleep      I will creep      into your thoughts       like a bad debt      that you can't pay      take the easy way      and give in...its War!"-Morrissey-"The More You ignore me..."You're a Speak & Spell!!  You nerd, you.  Just because you were disguised as a toy doesn't mean you weren't educational, you sneaky bastard.    urlLink   What childhood toy from the 80s are you?      brought to you by  urlLink Quizilla       bonnie (witnesses)    urlLink   who's your indie rock girlfriend?     brought to you by  urlLink QuizillaIve just heard Commander Venus, and Im very impressed. Conor BrightEyes first band, and also we have future members of the faint and cursive and the president of Saddlecreek Recs,apperantly.  Like a depressed,corn-fed Pavement. Conor Oberst is a mere high school student here,belieing his age thru his lyrics(my sister compared his vocal style here to Renee Zellweger's lead vocal take is Empire Records with "Coyote Shivers"). and its true,whoevers doing the lead vocals sounds very much like a kid still. however this was recorded (it was either a home 4-track or a hole-in the wall local rental studio) it sounds too good. Im viciously jealous now.  Richard Cheese And Lounge Against The Machine are doing a residency on Carson Daly this week. its great.I dont wanna keep you "in my pocket", or paint you into a corner, ever gain I just want you around I just want you to know I'll never force you to a zone, never try to hold you down I just want to cross your mind once in a whileurlLink    J.A.M.C.had a visit to the tooth fairy to have afflicted molar out. This makes me 20% more "Britishy". &nbsp;lortabs followed suit.  Got the Jesus and The mary Chain(jane) 21 singles comp.  stunningly beautiful fuzzed out 1980s psychedelic punk from scotland. the velvet underground of the 80's. this is what I put on when I want to shag.The Fuckin' Polyphonic Spree are on "Scrubs" tonight! wowzers! I remember that episode where they used a guided by voices song.Goin to See Rasputina this weekend in New MexicoLast Sunday was a special day in Warsaw, Poland. A day of beautiful, sunny weather, just like 60 years ago. A day of reunions after decades of separation. A day of speeches and of silence. A day of lighting candles, walking and reminescing.  And on every street, every square there were posters saying: "PW 1944" or "WAR SAW"  and others, showing people with white and red arm-bands on their arms.  And suddenly, this place felt beautiful again. It felt like it had felt before the war - a proud, cultural capital, diverse and distinguished. It felt brave and important. For a long moment in time.  The Warsaw Uprising  urlLink http://www.1944.pl/index.php?id=117if she wants me too then I will go to her I always do because I have no choice and I cant make a choice of my own if she wants me to I will gladly crawl on my belly through the sewage over broken glass and dead bodies just to get to you because I have no spine anymore and my mind is not my own and when she tells me how everything I do means nothing to her when she steps on me, when she tells me about all the others that she calls lover I will still run to her I have no free will anymore I gave that up along time ago, when I discovered that I like girls I will take the abuse and swallow mounds of shit becaue I love her and all the others just like her
new file
and did i mention that i no longer have to deal with my -6:20 on a friday night music complaining -complaining about smoke  -"you park to close to my car" -"my mother's here" -"it's too hard to carry groceries up the stairs" shrek looking, balding, rhinocerous hooves, fat ass bitch that lived upstairs from mewith her waking me up by getting up out of bed, shaking my windows when she stomped   around....  not to mention the "christians" who lived next door. grrGoodbye Edgewater! Hello Old Irving! it looks like DeKalb over here. Lots of big houses and yards. I think it might even smell better!To be said like an old russian man ..... "James..... you want I should.... help you with the keecking of the asses of those you call neighbors??" Hey... at least your movin on up (and the fuck out of there).Check it out!!!!....My bitch ass upstairs neighbors called the cops on me again. Apparently I was too loud again. I went to sleep with my music playing, but it was too loud for there sensitive ears. Today is the day I move out of this building. In about 20 minutes or so, I'm going upstair sto have it out for the last time with the cop callin' bastard above. Both of the officers had been to my place the last time the bastard called the cops. This guys kids are loud as fuck all day long, from about 5am to 11pm, yet I don't call in the law. I'm not a bitch see. SO the cops were cool, one said "Last time I was here, there was a lot of pot smoke.". We all got a good laugh off that one. I had on my T-shirt that says "Hardcore," and the sweatshirt that says "Drunk.". What a combo for a police visit. One cop asked me to show the other my shirts. I got $35 disorderly conduct citation in the end. But for the most part, I had a good night.The following things about last night "roxass":  The Tamales, the eye patch, The Hunns!!!!!!!, the shopping cart Dan and I stole and rode all down Fullerton taking turns switching of "riding" and "driving" positions, The multiple shots of Jameson's I proceeded to have even after James had gone home, and last but most definitely the FLASH FUCKING TACO AT 3AM!Yesterday was the first company softball game I was able to make, and we kicked ass! Now, I'm kinda sore from the game, but it was worth the win. Also today, Bevin took me to Second City. It was my first time goin' there, and it was great. I gotta go back to that place really soon. The actors were great, and the show was pretty damn funny at parts. The 3rd act of the show, was 100% improv, and pretty fuckin' funny too.HAha. i love yahoo horoscopes:  You've got to feel bad for anyone who dares to question your logic, because you'll definitely reduce them to a pile of simpering, whimpering apologies in a matter of moments.Midnite BBQ roxass. Bevins roomate suxass. Softball team Kixass. Jane and Dovie are hardcore even though we didn't make Flash Taco. YOU OWE ME A FLASH TACO TRIP!i've lived in this house for a little over two years. how is it that i've accumulated so much crap!Huge Polka-Dotted Pain Balls!!!  (a.k.a strep throat rules!)paul as a v.o.r.! wow, what's this world coming to?REGULATORS.................... MOUNT UP!    Tonight's all about the rockin and the rollin! -- I've decided Paul will be the evening's VOR so since we are all free to be "ABI's" (another bad influence) (ok not sure how much sense that made) let the good times roll!   HARDCORE!!  (I'm really really procrastinating on cleaning.......... I'm gonna go see what is on channel 11)James thats the best god damned idea EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!    Why do I hate my liver so?I'm gonna create a new cartoon. It just came to me. Peyote Coyote. He'll impart wisdom to all, and get in all sorts of doped up wacky adventures. Along with his sidekicks, Cocaine Cat, Smack the Rat, Mariquana, and L.S. Dog.I think I'm now recovered from the infamous all day hangover. Gotta give the drinking a rest for a few days. Tuesday and Wednesday were a wild ride. I think I met Anne Murray, or something like that. I sat at a bar right next to a Jameson tap. You gotta love any bar that has good old fashioned Irish fightin' whiskey on tap. I had my camera but didn't take many pictures.Right now I'm watching 100 Mexicanos Dijeron. This show kicks ass. Telemundo, and Galavision have all the good movies too. There's nothing like watching Goonies dubbed in Spanish.james, that's what friends are for, i know you'd be there if i needed someone.  besides like you've said a couple of times after a  few  drinks, i'm stuck with you for life. ha, hope you're having a better day today, watch out for those cars coming out of alleys.Mr. Eddies Father Roxass!!! Today was a pretty fuvked up day, but that shit just made it a little better. Thanx again Dena. 394th CCT was hard fucking core!! Oh yeah..The Iris makes me smile. :-)Speaking of "the courtship of Eddies Father", the new singer of the Dead Kennedys is Brandon Cruise (aka the little kid from the courtship...) and when I went to see them after the show everyone was coming up saying what an awesome job they did blah blah blah and my drunk ass kept shouting "Hey....remember when you were in "the courtshipt of Eddie's Father" ......... I know......... sungtines I'm just a little bit cooler than everyone else!The theme song from the show "The Courtship of Eddies Father" was just going thru my head. I don't know why though. But, ppl let me tell you 'bout my best friend. And why Can't I find the theme to the Rockford Files anymore. That shit roxass. Jane, I know you got the Agnew, but don't be a stranger.Have you ever had one of those days that you spend by your self not doing a whole lot just enjoying the relaxation and it isn't until you go to tell the man you just bought watermellon from, "thank you" that you realize you have not said one word the entire day and the very sound of your voice sounds weird and foreign and you decide there are some days things would just be better off not daying anything at all?.......... I just didIt's 4:20 right now. Guess what I'm doing.Dena How was the boil w Dickie Duncan??? I'm pissed I didn't go but I think I needed some rest.  I think I have the second coming of the bubonic plague.  I woke up this morning and again had no voice, then proceeded to cough up not one or two but 8 large green items.  I think I'm gonna walk on down to the beach with Angus and hope either a stray bus comes to put me out of my misery or the invigorating non salt water air mysteriously cures me.I watched Kill Bill Vol. 1. It was pretty good. Vol 2. made alot more sense after that. I also Ate four tacos and pizza, and some liquor. I also called off work for the purpose of screwing over the lazy bitch that I work with. The hotel was at 100% today, and they could have really used me, but fuck 'em. Key thing...Don't piss me off.i ate two lobsters today, what did you do?hey uncle sal....... did you ever dance with the devil in the pale moonlight..... answer: "i dont know    sungtines...... I dont give a shit"    James is hardcore like a shaved peach ....... dena is sweet like the inside of a pixie stick ........ and im drunk like an ant floating in a beerone of the loneliest sights is the last cigarette in the pack.  damn leaving the house. damn putting on real clothes. damn travis for losing his job. damn no more $10 carton of smokes. damn damn damn boogoddamn is it cold. brrrr. wish i would of shut the windows last night.  l and l tonight, 9 pm.   tv is so stupid, why am i watching this. why do i care if steve edwards gets a star. damn, i need a job!Oh shit I forgot one (actually there's plenty more but that's neither here nor there) .... Call me fucking juvenile but anytime I hear someone say the work "poontang" I almost piss myself from laughing so hard... Ok I'm easily amused and I will never let my fourth grade sense of humor die...... Going to drink more cough syrup now  -- James - sorry I "bailed" on you last week motto for tomorrow is "Jane shall not drink tequila before the sun goes down" -- I think that will fix things.Ok there is an upside to being sick ..... That being, you can have the most insane thoughts and not think twice about it ..... So here are the random thoughts I'm having right now (watch out for the mucus).....Oranges are the best thing in the world......My dog barks too much...... Mayonnaise is sick and fucking gross...... Maybe I'm a guy trapped in a girls body ..... Maybe not ..... Then again maybe...... Ok no totally not cause then I'd have to be gay cause I like guys and I think girls are dumb......Peeing upright would be the shit though....... DAMN my dog is cute....... Who ever made bacon that has a shelf life of over 6 months w/out refrigeration is really fucking gross.........Wait a minute I think bacon all together is gross....... Why don't people wear the macaroni necklaces they made in grade school anymore..........Will someone please punch Walter Jacobson?.........Going to drink lots tomorrow...... Nothing new there.......................James, i have kill bill vol 1 at my house, we rented it last night, it's probably not due back for a couple of days if you want to borrow it or come over and watch it. i'm doing laundry and cleaning the house today, so i'll be around.  i'm supposed to go stoop sit with jenn tonight, hope it doesn't get to rainy.  tomorrow night, it's l&l for dovie's welcome home party, just have to remember about not going to cesar's first, yikes, don't want to get that drunk again for a long time!Today I ducked outta work early and went to the movies and saw Kill Bill Vol.2. I still have yet to the Kill Bill Vol.1. Anyway, the movie was pretty good, but Quetin Tar..whatever the fuck seems to be quite full of himself and it comes out in his movies. I still wanna see Vol.1. I mean, you can't watch Temple of Doom, and not see Raider of The Lost Ark Damnit!!! Whats Empire Strikes Back without Star Wars!?!? CRAP!!! Thats what! Anyway....  I later in the day went to the Sovereign. Bevin was bartending, Cali and Aaron were also there, and Jay was drunk as a circus monkey with a pistol. A little later Laurence showed up. It was kinda funny how there were only 4 regulars in the place at the time. Things have changed a lot there.   Two Australians were in the bar also. They taught me the phrases: Dry as a Nuns nasty I'm so hungry I could eat the crouch of a low flying duck and I'm so hungry I could eat a horse and chase the jockey  All and all, it was a good day.yesterday i played jump robe with a little girl and her grandmother, neither one of them had many teeth but it made me smile!  also, i got a voicemail yesterday thanking me for not hitting someone over the head with a bottle on saturday night, am i really that violent? no, stabbing inanimate objects like bars do not count.Hardcore Pornography is the shit!It's almost 4am, I'm high, and I'm listening to William Hungs cover of Hotel California. This shit is so fucking funny. You gotta hear it.two pitchers of margaritas before going to the bar is NOT a good idea.Turns out that me and Jill ened up being each others V.O.R for the night. Jane and Dena bailed on us. Sungtines is good to be theleast fucked up in the group. Also, I'll wear a white shirt if I damn well please! I love black but I'm not Johnny Cash. Wish I had a knife on me last night. It would have made some things a whole lot easier. But as usual, the pictures tell the story.So, who is going to be the Voice of Reason tonight?Woke up today with a slight hangover. This looks like a job for T.H.C.I realized today that I'm alway angry. I've known it for a long time, but never really acknowledged it. I might be drunk right now, or I might be on to something. Wait......I know I'm drunk now.       Well, hopefully tomorrow is gonna be a better day. I kow I didn't get into what happened today to piss me off, but it doesn't matter. Saturday I'm gonna hang out with Jane and her friend Spero, so  know I'm gonna have fun. Spero I'm not sure if I met. (You know "sober half the time." or by Jane "!/4 of the time." But Jane roxass and thats all that counts.So last night, after spending some quality time with my favorite dog, angus, and having a couple of glasses of wine with jane, ivan and i went to the beach with a bottle of wine, it was nice, the moon was full and it was a pretty clear night. we left when we saw the cops in a parking lot a little further down, when we got back to the car we were blocked in by an suv, i could see some movement in the driver's seat, this is also when we noticed the driver had his seat back and his hand above his head, when we started the car, a girls head popped up. nice, that's class right there, getting head at the beach, very nice, glad we saw it.well, since it seems these days that I spend half the time sleeping... besides it's a lyric from one of the best country bands ever,   Drag the RiverDena I appreciate the "sober half the time" comment -- but I think on behalf of you james and I it may need to be "sober 1/4th of the time"  (note: so long as the first tuesday of the year does not fall below the average daily barometric pressure of the preceding saturday, in that case the sobriety factor would decrease to .2341 instead of the traditional .25)jane, Your ideal job is a Big Game Hunter.   http://www.jobpredictor.com/index.asp   hmmmmmm ???sungtines Highway    Bankruptcity    6      Mt. Happiness    20      Hobotown    43      Confusion Lane    110      Loony-Bin Lane    435      Please Drive Carefully               Username:      urlLink Where are you on the highway of life?   From  urlLink Go-Quiz.combeer outside is always good. if there happens to be something to watch while outside, a little better.   so, football, see aboveAm I cool or uncool? [CLICK]        You are  Super-Cool !       Woah! Step back - the future's so bright for you it's blinding me! You are the coolest of the cool. Everyone looks up to you as the benchmark for being coooool. The fonze was your grandfather. Any cooler and you'd freeze! WOO it's chilly in here.        Cool quizzes at Go-Quiz.com             ok....guess sungtines we all need reassurance cause mom's "your cool" just doesnt cut itGod bless he who finally got Dena to appreciate sports!  IVAN RULES!  So..... D?  -- You Down for the upcoming BEARS season?So they got one game. The Sox will make you pay.     Let's Go White Sox    Clap Clap Cla..Cla..Clap!!let's see, cubs 6 sox 1, top of the 7th.  hey chicago what do ya say?  the cubs are going to win todayLets go white sox!!  clap clap clap clap clapI am 87% evil.             I'm sure this comes as a shock to you all.Sweet, pbr and jameson! but you can never have just one...I am 84% evil.            Wow! I'm almost pure evil! Sin is my way of life. If there is a hell I have packed my bags for the trip.      Are you evil?  find out at  Hilowitz.com     mwa ha ha haDind Ding Ding... you guessed it Ms. Dena!!!  You win the "Boy I sure know my idiots" Prize.  (prize = a bottle of P.B.R and a shot of Jameson's)      I am 81% evil.            Wow! I'm almost pure evil! Sin is my way of life. If there is a hell I have packed my bags for the trip.      Are you evil?  find out at  Hilowitz.com....and this is something bush said?Everyday Hollywood gives us exquisite sex and wholesome violence.  That underscores our values.  Every two child did.  I will.so what the hell was it that you guys were texting me last night?Goin   to Dekalb in a few minutes. Gonna go there with Jane and Jill. This should be interesting.How to make a Piston        Ingredients:   12 parts Jameson  5 parts Hard  5 parts Core          Method:  Combine in a shaker. Shake like hell and run!!!   HARDCORE!              You ever notice the ad's at the top of our blog are always for the Christian Alchohol Service. I think I need a drinking counselor. Wait a sec...I preside over the Drinking Council, which is in association with the Board of Intoxication.How to make a dena bean        Ingredients:   1 part friendliness  3 parts arrogance  1 part beauty        Method:  Layer ingredientes in a shot glass. Top it off with a sprinkle of caring and enjoy!How to make a Crazy Fucking Jane        Ingredients:   1 part success  3 parts courage  5 parts joy        Method:  Combine in a tall glass half filled with crushed ice. Serve with a slice of wisdom and a pinch of salt. Yum!        Username:       urlLink Personality cocktail  From  urlLink Go-Quiz.com     just as good as Jameson'si just made nachos in a george foreman grill. am i talented or what? wasn't even drunk either. ha!Today I showed up for work late, but I kicked ass when I got there. Before I knew it, the day was over. Then it was time for Calico James (aka Redbull The Pirate) to go out and live it up. I sent a hail out to Jill, Jane, and Dena, and only Jane replied. So Jane and I went to Lyons Den to check out M.O.T.O. Only M.O.T.O roxass. The rest of the bands (except Manhandlers) sucked ass.  I think Paul got kicked out for being a one man mosh pit. If you don't know Paul, then well.....fuck it...nevermind. In the end, me and Jane hit Flash Taco. (HARDCORE!!!) Then home was the destination. As Ice Cube Said, "Today was a good day.".  Oh Yeah...Did I forget to mention Jane is fucking HARDCORE!!!!-gay drill team -man on big wheel little wheel bike -very fat man in overalls yelling at ump in girls softball game  -old man with penis hanging out of his pants  no james, your neigborhood doesn't have any weird people in itGood to have a day off. It's been a crazy week since last Wednesday, but at least I made it to Flash Taco. Hardcore!! Feels good to be outta Egdewater too. Me and Dena both turned that page in our lives at the same time. I might drop thru the Sov this Thursday, Joni brought me back a gift from Hawai'i that I need to pick up.james + jane = really really really bad hangover right nowYep!  I think I need to slow it down a bit.  Wayyyyy wayyyyy  too much drinking latley and I got the bruises and shakes to prove it.  TOnight me and Jill have a pajama date to the movies.  Tomorrow is gonna be fun and nutty but after that its mellow time!Oh no!  Dr. Drinking was on call last night!!  Huge bruise on my knee pinched nerve by my shoulder and strained vocal chords from really really really bad really really really loud singing.  Oh well, had lots of fun and I think it got me out of the really bad mood I was in yesterday.  Dena how did we get that drunk (cause dovie and I were at the staggering point) of just beer?  No booze, shots or anything else?  Just Beer!?!?!No wonder I've been drinking so god damned much latley.  It's some weird from of compensation to Dena's slow down.  Ah well.  Not much hangovers latley since I've been riding my bike all the time so that roxass!!  Martini night tonight.  Woo Hoo!!!!So I've been checking out the Weatherbug for Colorado next week. It's calling for lows in the 30's and 40's every night next week. I've never been there in the summertime, quite a few times in the wintertime. In the winter it doesn't seem that cold because of the humidity (or lack therof) but still yikes, that's kind of chilly.    I've been doing good with the slowing down of drinking, I took six whole days off and let my stomache heal. I've gone out a couple of times since than and think I might have this moderation thing down. I've decided that shots are my enemy! As I say this I just had a daydream of me and a shot glass in gorilla combat. ha!tonight is my first night of going out while being on the wagon. I'm going to try to stay on for atleast a week. Vomitting blood is not fun. At all. If that's not a sign to slow down on the hooch, I don't know what is.Ok, this is funny. I'm bored, it's friday night and all i'm doing is fucking around online. For some reason I decide to take an aptitude test, I just dropped out of school for design and this is what the response was:   dena, your heart's desire is Design and the Arts  You have a number of attributes that make you an excellent candidate for a design or artistic-related career. You understand how important it is to follow your heart, express your feelings, and do what you love, so it's likely you're already in a design-related field or have created a way to make your non-design-related job more artistic and expressive.  If you're currently stuck in a job that does not allow you to throw your heart into your work, it's likely you're an unhappy soul and are not living your life's purpose. Until you get yourself back on track, the life you dream of may never arrive.   how weird is that?Softball seasons over. We played a good game, but now its over. Fuck It. Next Year we get the title.WooHOo! Just got tickets to Colorado. I've never been to the Rockies in the summertime. Yay! Get to see the best big brother ever! Leaving the 2nd and coming back the 6th, kind of a short trip, but that's when Ivan can get off of work. So excited!  i think that may be the most i've ever used exclamation points in my life!!!!!Thanks to Jane and Jill for the party last night.  I haven't played circle in years, also, turning catch phrase into a drinking game was a swell idea. Drinking nightly for almost a week is not a swell idea. Last night I had dreams of getting stuff done today, don't think that's going to happen. Maybe after the sun goes down, that might make it a little easier on me, urgh.Woooo Hoooo!!  I Love Pilsen and Pilsen loves me! No mas nort' side!!  An and I are gonna create a web page for our taqueria reviews.  There are sooo many we feel that is the only way to keep track of the good and the bad.  I found the best little internet cafe where I am right now.  Phone doesnt get turned on til the 19th (booo).  Hope you had a great birthday Dena!!  Tomorrow will be fun......  hey maybe if you come to Dekalb with me and James, today would be equally as fun :)happy birthday to me happy birthday to me happy birthday dear me eee happy birthday to me  is is my 25th year going to be as fun as everyone says it will? is there anything wrong with drinking wine by yourself in the afternoon, i think not.I AM 56% PUNK ROCK!Dread Pirate Cash    Like the famous Dread Pirate Roberts, you have a keen head for how to make a profit. You're musical, and you've got a certain style if not flair. You'll do just fine. Arr!did i ever tell you guys that ivan is an abused domestic partner, yup that's right, i'm a big meany! ha!So is there a B Plan for if it rains tomorrow? I might be a girl of many  hats, but I don't have a sombrero, sorry Jane, how about a good ol cowboy hat?    Mad Bess Flint   Every pirate is a little bit crazy. You, though, are more than just a little bit. Like the rock flint, you're hard and sharp. But, also like flint, you're easily chipped, and sparky. Arr!        I AM 83% PUNK ROCK!I AM 91% PUNK ROCK!Jane:  Your pirate name is:  Iron Anne Flint  A pirate's life isn't easy; it takes a tough person. That's okay with you, though, since you are that person. Like the rock flint, you're hard and sharp. But, also like flint, you're easily chipped, and sparky. Arr!  \http://www.fidius.org/quiz/pirate.phpstupid computers. ergh it says  you are going to hell dena, jane, and james.
new file
B-Logs: The Business Blogs Paradox    urlLink HindustanTimes.com  discusses the effects of technology and blogs in particular. According to the article, Blogs are 'a direct, one-to-many vehicle for communicating ideas'. What makes them disruptive in business application is that they allow businesses - which are after all human -- to communicate with a human 'real voice'. On the other hand,  urlLink Webpronews.com  discusses the idea of corporate newsletter publishing via blogs. I found the idea very pragmatic and futuristic. Way to go !!Bohemian Rhapsody : Is it??   I have just come back to my room from the  urlLink IIT  coffee shack. The place, where we have shared laughters and joys, sat for long hours over countless cups of coffee and maggi and chat sessions. Where we have shared our thoughts and fought over stupid topics discussing them passionately. I have just come back from that very place, but with thoughts and feelings so different from what it used to be.  Today the laughter has given way to a look of tension and frustration on everyone's face. "Its so frustrating. There is no job. I am applying everywhere. No vacancies." And then on the next table you hear, "I am planning to go abroad on a scholarship. The job scene is really bad and I don't think I will get a nice job. Going for higher studies is the only option left in front of me." And then a person comes who does have a job. Meeting him, I congratulate him. But he is too irritated with the job he got. The job is in a core engineering one, in a chemical MNC, but the pay is a punitive six thousand bucks; the only perk being free accomodation in some small village-town.  There are ruminations galore, about the uncertain futures. About the decisions made. About the hard work, before and during IIT years. And to end thus, with a degree in hand but no job to do justice to years of hardships and hardwork, and that too when you are the product of one of the best institutes in the country. It gets too disappointing.  I only wish those people, my dear friends, good luck !! May serendipity happen !!Entrepreneur Guidelines    urlLink EntreWorld  is a website for entrepreneurs. It is a resourceful site for budding start-ups, discussing various dos and donts and giving practical advise for all stages of a start-up life cycle.    urlLink Auren Hoffman 's recent article on Entrepreneurial Boards discusses the leadership engine for the evolutionary stages of a start-up.   "Boards of advisors are best for helping entrepreneurs build companies in the formative stage, whereas boards of directors lend a hand during times of crisis or change, writes a serial entrepreneur."  Read the full article  urlLink here .  A strong board of directors can make the difference between success and failure for a start-up company. And, an effective advisory board can help one recruit those directors. Specific examples, indicating the tasks a board can accomplish and the skills it can bring to them, make this article particularly enlightening. The  urlLink article  can be assumed to be a Business 101 course :)).   Further, here is a  urlLink business plan  guide.Business Profiles of Some Companies    urlLink Business Profiles Home Page  makes an informative reading. Biz/ed have created profiles for a range of business organisations. These are presented as sets of FAQs, grouped into themes.The companies profiled vary from McDonlad's to easyJet.   *How much does it cost to set up your own pizza delivery    franchise?  *What's the best way of promoting online gambling?  *How do the major supermarket retailers compete?  *Is it possible to run a professional football club as a private investment?  Answers to these questions and many more can be found on the  urlLink Site .Multiple Interviews for One Job: The present-day scenario.    urlLink csmonitor.com  published an article on the 12-step job interview. There was a time when the recruiter took 20 minutes to size you up and skim your rsum before leaping to his feet and barking, 'Kid, I like the cut of your jib. Welcome aboard!'. It makes an interesting reading.   But today, with employers comfortably ensconced in the labor-market driver's seat, hiring decisions based on instinct are practically unheard of. Indeed, it's not at all unusual these days for a candidate to be grilled by six, eight, or even a dozen interviewers on various rungs of the corporate ladder as part of the overall screening process, say human-resources executives, headhunters, and other experts in modern hiring practices  "Many companies have made bad hires; now it's their market, and they're determined to find the people they want," explains Marie Raperto of the Cantor Concern, a New York City recruiting firm. "Even someone seeking a mid-level job has to be prepared to go through six or seven interviews," she adds. "It's endless."  "You can't even get nine people to agree on where to go for lunch," he adds. "How can you expect them to agree on a person?" But in an age where companies routinely boast about their teamwork ethos, nonhierarchical cultures, and commitment to "cross-functional" collaboration, it's easy to see why consensus now plays a major role in hiring. Many companies known for attracting top-flight talent say they believe that gathering a wide variety of perspectives is essential to ensuring that the right person gets the job.  Problems with group hiring arise when junior staffers or peers are given veto power in the final decision, says Bob Woodrum, a partner at executive-recruiting giant Korn/Ferry International. Recounting a recent incident in which a candidate was dismissed by a Fortune 100 client despite having favorably impressed 11 of 12 interviewers, he notes that "everyone has a different agenda," and that such agendas - whether personal or political - can conflict with the organization's best interests. "This was a case where 11 people had said, 'This guy's a hire.' But one person said the candidate wasn't enthusiastic enough, and that was it."  Read the whole article  urlLink Here .Google Prank    urlLink Google  has played yet another neat prank. Not sure how long this will last though. So, do rush to Google home page, type "Weapons of Mass Destruction" and hit the "I'm Feeling Lucky" button.  Read the error message text CAREFULLY !!Origami Boulders   I came across this hilarious site selling Origami Boulders. Origami is a Japanese art of folding paper. What they are selling is wadded up paper or something like that. The amusing part is the sarcastic way. Interesting are the dealings with the post office and banks. The site promises free shipment (though God only knows who would like to order wadded up paper). Its a laughing riot all the way. Check it out. The site title bears the name  urlLink Origami Boulder Company -- Original Origami Gifts! . Check out this excerpt from the site:  "Site is real. You order and you really get origami boulder artwork with special card to display at your home or workplace. Make good unforgettable gift for friends!  You buy wadded paper boulder and keep it. Or send many to your friends as very nice gift that no one ever forget! I include special card with every order that explain work of art. You buy 20, I send you free extra one with special message from me!  Hurry up and order now!  I send you wadded paper with Priority Mail. It is fast with nice free box from Post Office. Post office worker tell me, 'Don't take so many free boxes! You must order them online from USPS! Other customers mad when you take them all!' I laugh and yell, 'It says free, bureaucrat!! What you expect, dumb dumb?'  Update!!!! Wall Street Journal article on 5/29/02 say that Priority Mail is ripoff and doesn't arrive faster than First Class mail. This is outrage from post office lazy people. I complain today at post office and they laugh and pretend article isn't true. Who you believe, slow postman or Wall Street Journal? Now maybe I buy special boxes and send First Class instead of wasting money on Priority Mail. I make most efficient decision for customer benefit.  My friend is graphic designer for big company. She design page for me because FrontPage too hard for wadded paper artist!  I change design and she send email that says, "you've ruined my beautiful site!!! :O( what in the hell is up with origami boulder?!?!?!?!"  I tell her, "You designer, not site owner! I change whatever I like. You get paid, didn't you? Then go away now!!!" Her design have too many pages and Jakob Nielsen say Internet people too lazy to click so I make everything one page.Seth Godin   Came across the blog site  urlLink Seth's Blog . Seth writes in an iconoclastic manner, complete with tangential thoughts and lateral humor; thus living up to his strature of the ultimate entrepreneur of the year and a marketing guru. I think this blog is going to be added in my everyday-visits site list. Check it out. Its amazing. Herez an article from his site, that he posted:   Naming a business  Greg Harrington writes, "Ive been thinking quite a bit about a topic latelyhow to best name a businessand in looking for some ideas, Ive reviewed several of your books, but dont find anything in the way of a thorough treatment of this topic."  Here's what I think: First, the main point: a brand name is a peg that people use to hang all the attributes of your business. The LESS it has to do with your category, the better. If you call yourself International Postal Consultants, there's a lot less room to hang other attributes. Some names I like? Starbucks. Nike. Apple.  Second, please pick a real english word, or a string of them. Axelon and Altus are bad. Jet Blue, Ambient and Amazon are good.  Third, be sure it's easy to spell AND pronounce. Prius is a bad name. I can't tell anyone to buy a Prius because I'm embarrassed I'll say it wrong.  Fourth, don't obsess about getting a short web name. If you want to name your venture capital firm Nickel (a great name, imho) then you could have www.NickelVenture.com and that would be fine. The only way this turns into a problem is if the current owner of the URL is a competitor (which won't happen if you pick a non-obvious name, as I write in #1 above).  If you follow these pieces of advice, you'll discover that there are literally millions of names available to you (lemonpie, for example, is perfect for a scuba tour company. So are orangepie, melonpie and kiwipie). You will have far fewer trademark hassles. You will have no trouble coming up with a cool name that means nothing and makes it easy for you to hang a good brand upon. And you'll have fun.  BUT, don't forget to come up with a great tagline. "lemonpie, the easy way to learn scuba," for example.  PS a couple more tricks:  1. Use a stock photo CD and find cool pictures that match your name BEFORE you pick the name. If you can find a bunch of $30 images that work with a name, grab the pictures, then the name.  2. Don't listen to anyone else. All your friends will hate it. GOOD. They would have hated Starbucks too (you want to name your store after something from Moby Dick!??) If your friends like it, run.Schools of the Future    urlLink Ode  Magazine's latest issue sports an article written by the famous  Ben Okri  on the "Schools of future". He writes that in the future, centres of learning will teach at least one thing we do not teach today: the art of self-discovery. There is nothing more fundamental in education. We turn out students from our universities who know how to give answers, but not how to ask questions.   A really well written article. I hope we would analyse the shortcomings mentioned there, and strive to improve the educational models we currently have, imbibing new ideas and new paradigms into our present systems.IT Firms Slash Entry Level Salaries    urlLink Economic Times  reports that though most companies are moving towards performance-linked compensation packages or a variable pay model, industry estimates suggest that entry level salaries have been cut by 20-25% across major companies. Even as this happens, companies are rewarding top performers by increasing their pay. While companies in the US selectively reduce salaries to fund the bonus pool, companies in India are also following suit, said a CFO at a leading Indian software company.  Though it is not known whether a 20-25% cut in entry level salaries would be enough to fund bonus reserves and other allowances, sources in top rung companies state that since the measure will be across the board, it would lead to substantial benefits.  The market is looking forward to the first quarter results, beginning with MphasiS. Infosys is slated to announce its results the next day. All eyes will be on Infosys, which has taken strong measures to further cut costs. These measures, which include cuts in entry level compensation, onsite rationalization of salary-related allowances and a focus to shift work offshore, would reflect in the coming quarters. But the cost-push pressures from offshore salary hikes could be more immediate, when seen together with a weakening dollar and rate declines, an analyst at Credit Lyonnais Securities said in his report.  Read the full report  urlLink HereNet Profiling Visitors : The New Marketing Strategy    urlLink William Gibson , the author of the award-winning book  Neuromancer  where 'cyberspace' and 'cyberpunk' debuted, has come up with a new book. Its called Pattern Recognition. Again the timing of this book could not have been better. Pattern Recognition is about profiling a particular pattern of events or behavioral patterns. How does a person react to a particular situation, or as the latest fad is, how to gain an advertising profile of a person from the material he checks out online. That way he can be shown ads which would interest him.  Various sites are using Net Profiling and Pattern Recognition techniques to know what their website visitors are reading and seeing.  urlLink NYTimes  published an interesting article on Net Profiling. Here is a brief excerpt:   Visitors to The Wall Street Journal Online today will become the latest lab rats of online advertising, as the Web site starts grouping them into classes like "car buffs" and "consumer techies," all the better to serve them ads for Lexus or NetFlix wherever they may roam on the site  Sending ads based on interests usually requires users to register personal information with the individual Web sites. But the Journal Online is joining a growing group of online publishers in adopting technology that can classify users merely by monitoring where they click.  "It is not the way Web sites should be going because it's undermining the very nature of the Web," which offers instant gratification and usefulness, said Jakob Nielsen, a principal at the Nielsen Norman Group in Fremont, Calif., which researches user behavior online. With behavior-based ads, he said, "the challenge becomes, how good can we become at finding out what they want and need? If we do that, there's going to be no need for that disruptive full-screen advertising which says, `We don't care what you were doing, we're going to slam you with this thing.' " Visitors to various parts of the Journal Online will be placed in one of eight categories  car buffs, consumer techies, engaged investors, health enthusiasts, leisure-minded, mutual-fund aficionados, opinion leaders and travel seekers  or into a custom category designed at a marketer's request.  The Journal Online becomes the latest Web publisher to pursue behavior-based advertising. Tacoda Systems in New York provides its Audience Management System to clients like CondNet, part of the Cond Nast division of Advance Publications; Tribune Interactive, a network of newspaper sites owned by the Tribune Company; and USAToday.com, the Web site for USA Today, owned by Gannett. AlmondNet in New York also offers similar services. And The New York Times on the Web, part of The New York Times Company, in March introduced its own version of behavior-based advertising, developed internally.Banking Blues   Internet Banking, ATM accessibility, M-Banking et al. The new age banking mantras. And the banks providing these services are not very old entrants into the banking domain. The customer satisfaction is their only driving USP. And so it happened one fine day. Realising that my old bank was charging me too much for the ATM transactions, and limiting the number of times I can withdraw money from ATM, I thought of opening another account with a "modern tech-savvy bank". It would provide me inter alia netbanking and infinite ATM transactions, the things I need the most right now.  I decided to approach  urlLink ICICI Bank , known for its operational efficiency. I filled the Savings Account Opening request form on their website and after two days also mailed them about my desire to open a bank account. After one week, I received a mail confirming the receipt of my mail to them. A promise to make an immediate follow-up on my mail was made. The email exchange continued for one whole month, with the ICICI representatives making false promises about sending some customer representative to my place to complete the formalities. It was very disappointing to get such a response from a bank, that was topping the best banks list in the country; and the same bank for which the customer satisfaction was the dominant criterion for survival.   After another one week (one and a half months in total), I called up their customer executive who promised me to send their representative right away. After another three days, a guy from the bank finally turned up to take my signatures and a photograph. And now its been full two weeks, since that happened and I have no idea about my account opening status. And that too with a bank, where "you can open an account instantly". Such goes their advertising campaigns.  I don't know if such lapse of efficiency is taking place in my case, or is it the general mode of operability of the bank. My other friends also quote few such incidents; though more complaints are about their ATM cards getting stuck in the bank installed machines.  All this just leaves me wondering, whether I should not mind paying those extra bucks to my old bank, and be sure of great service and hassle free transactions always. Is Old really Gold?Investments Galore   I have been reading and learning about investments of late. This came as a fairly new topic to me. Though I had heard about it since quite some time, but its only recently that I have started giving it some serious thought and made an effort to learn about what it is all about. All the nitty gritties of short term investments or LTI for that matter, they all form a part of the bigger whole, the Investment Portfolio and the kind of returns required. All this seemed so Greek to me before.  Here are some sites that helped me in clearing my concepts and understanding the basics.   urlLink Foundation in Finance .   urlLink CNN Money 101 .    urlLink Motley Fool Guide to Investing .   urlLink Investing 101 .  Trust me!! In case you are a working professional and do savings regularly, you should consider investing your money according to the kind of returns you want. Investing money wisely results in much higher interests as compared to the ones you would earn on Fixed Deposits. These sites make an interesting reading and might help you change your mind.Einstein's Clock   An interesting article on  urlLink NYtimes.com   What does it mean, Albert Einstein asked in 1905, to say that a train arrives someplace  in Paris, say  at 7 o'clock?  You might not think you need to know something as deep as relativity to answer such a question. But Einstein needed to answer the question to invent his theory of relativity, the breakthrough that wrenched science into a new century and enshrined the equivalence of matter and energy.  In his last step, after a decade of pondering the mysteries of light and motion, Einstein concluded that there was no such thing as absolute time, envisioned by scientists since Newton, ticking uniformly through the cosmos. Rather there were only the times measured by individual clocks. To talk about times and measurements at different places, the clocks have to be synchronized, he said. And the way to do that is to flash light signals between them, correcting for the time it takes for the signal to travel from one clock to another.  A simple prescription. Yet when Einstein followed it, he found that clocks moving with respect to one another would not run at the same speed. The modern age was born.  As Dr. Galison relates, before the advent of factories began to standardize life, and railroad systems with crisscrossing tracks made it imperative to know which train was where and when, there were too many times, one for every village.  In the last part of the 19th century, the coordination of clocks and the standardization of time had engaged the passions of nations, business leaders, astronomers and philosophers. The patent office in Bern, Switzerland, where Einstein worked, was a clearinghouse for patents on the synchronization of clocks.  In New England, the Harvard and Yale observatories were competing to sell time signals to the public, and in Paris pneumatic tubes snaked under the streets to synchronize the city's clocks with blasts of air. Far from being a bit of abstraction by a loner genius, the clocks that Einstein used as examples in his papers were as familiar then as computers are today.  That is one of the messages of Dr. Galison's new book, "Einstein's Clocks, Poincar's Maps: Empires of Time," due out in August from W. W. Norton. Part history, part science, part adventure, part biography, part meditation on the meaning of modernity, Dr. Galison's story takes readers from the patent office to lonely telegraphers sitting in the rain in the Andes, from the coal mines of France to town councils in New England as it circles around the exploits of Einstein and his rival, the French physicist, philosopher and mathematician Henri Poincar.  Read the full article at  urlLink NewYork Times SiteSniffers: Old tools New Methods !!   Hacking and Cracking. These terms date back to the same time as computers and internet. New methods are continuously developed and old ones refined. A sniffer is one of the most offensive weapons in the hands of a hacker who wants to monitor a network. So much so, that Matrix-II (Matrix Reloaded) also shows Trinity working with a kind of a sniffer n scanning software Network Mapper (NMap) to hack into the systems. I read somewhere that Fydor, the creator of NMap, a fellow of the hacker/cracker brethren, was seen dancing in a cinema hall after seeing his designed and written software being featured in the movie and shown working successfully. Here is a small introduction about the Sniffers written by  urlLink Robert Graham .  A sniffer is a wire-tap devices that plugs into computer networks and eavesdrops on the network traffic. Like a telephone wiretap allows the police to listen in on other people's conversations, a "sniffing" program lets someone listen in on computer conversations.   However, computer conversations consist of apparently random binary data. Therefore, network wiretap programs also come with a feature known as "protocol analysis", which allow them to "decode" the computer traffic and make sense of it.   Sniffing also has one advantage over telephone wiretaps: many networks use "shared media". This means that you don't need to break into a wiring closet to install your wiretap, you can do it from almost any network connection to eavesdrop on your neighbors. This is called a "promiscuous mode" sniffer. However, this "shared" technology is moving quickly toward "switched" technology where this will no longer be possible, which means you will have to actually tap into the wire.  To read more on Sniffers, check out the FAQ page at  urlLink Sniffing .Microsoft to Shift More Jobs to India   The world's largest software maker, Microsoft, is moving several hundred support jobs from the United States to Bangalore, according to US media reports.  Fuelling the ongoing backlash against outsourcing technology jobs to India, the move has led to an outcry by the Seattle-based Washington Alliance of Technology Workers, which claims that at least 800 jobs will be lost to India. US media reports quote union sources who have gathered this information from current and former workers, claiming that hundreds of jobs will be lost.  Microsoft support centres, part of the company's product-support services division, in Sammamish, Los Colinas, Texas, and Charlotte (North Carolina) are likely to be most affected. Each of these three sites employs 800 people.   A Microsoft Corporation India spokesperson, while declining to comment on the number of US jobs that will now be outsourced, said, 'Microsoft has announced a pilot programme in Bangalore to support select professional products. Over the next few months, we will hire 100 support professionals in India as part of the pilot.'  Washington Alliance of Technology Workers president Marcus Courtney said the information (on moving jobs to India) completely contradicts Microsoft's public position that the impact of their focus on sending work abroad is not going to affect US employees. 'Clearly, Microsoft is starting to cut its US workforce and send work abroad to slash its labour costs.'Meetings et al  Found a really nice article on meetings at the workplace et al. Interesting read for sure. It should surely help people who are having too much of meeting schedules in their daily modus vivendi :). Read on.   urlLink HBS Working Knowledge: Career Effectiveness: In Search of the Perfect Meeting : "We all know that time is in short supply. That's why you have to make every meeting pay off. Here are strategies for making good meetings better."An IIT Every Year  An interesting article on IITs published in Times of India which I read on Swaminathan S. A. Aiyar's site  urlLink Swaminomics . He presents an idea of starting up an IIT each year in India. I think that will only lead to dilution of the present status the IITs hold as the pillars of excellence in education and research in the country. A rat race as mad as starting an IIT each year, would only lead to quantity without quality. And quality is what makes IITs stand out. The quality of teaching, students and professors. You can share your view with me :)). Here is a brief excerpt from the article:   "MANY institutions in India have gone downhill in the last fifty years. But the Indian Institutes of Technology are an exception. They are centres of excellence that are now recognised as world class. Their graduates are grabbed by multinationals the world over, and Silicon Valley teems with millionaires bred in the IITs. The infotech revolution which has suddenly made India a global player owes much to the IITs.  IIT alumni, many of whom have made fortunes in the USA, now want to do their bit for their country. Former students of IIT Bombay like Sudhakar Shenoy of the IMC Group plan to raise $ 150 million to upgrade facilities and faculty and lower fees in their alma mater. Kamal Rekhi, an infotech NRI who passionately wants to repay his debt to India, has talked of raising $ 900million to provide $ 150 million to each of the six IITs.  I am unable to join in the applause. The need of the hour is surely to expand the availability of IIT education, not to make a few ivory towers still more towering. Instead of making the existing IITs richer than ever, may I suggest that overseas Indians should set themselves a target of starting one new Indian Institute of Technology every year."   Read the full article on  urlLink Swaminomics  site.Best of Web Business Sites  Check this out ... business links from the Forbes Best of the Web series. These online e-zines provide the current management ideas and strategies for free.   urlLink Forbes.com Best of the Web :    urlLink Knowledge@Wharton    urlLink Babson Insight    urlLink Capital Ideasgsb    urlLink HBS Working Knowledge    urlLink StanfordKnowledgebase    urlLink SternBusiness    urlLink Discovery@Olin    urlLink Sloan Management ReviewAdSense by Google   The popular search engine, Google has introduced a dramatic new contextual advertising service called Adsense. This new program could mean death to affiliate programs on those web sites that qualify for the Adsense program. Why would Google advertising affect affiliate programs? Because Google is making Adsense ads available to smaller content rich sites.  Adsense dramatically simplifies the process of choosing appropriate advertising for sections of sites. Since it's all automatic with Adsense, there is no need to look for content specific affliliate programs which match the content on your website.  Allan Gardyne of Associate Programs penned an interesting and insightful  urlLink article  on Adsense this past week where he mentions this as an issue and predicts the death of smaller or weaker affiliate programs.India Turns Bullish in International Oil Market   Just bought a copy of BusinessWorld, the weekly AFFORDABLE business magazine. It was exhilirating and exciting to see the Indian government and government organizations coming out of a shell and fighting it out in International Markets. The story discussed here is the fillip to the oil security intiative being undertaken by India. OVL Videsh managed to pick up a substantial share in Sakhalin 1, the gas fields in eastern Russia, bordering Japan. And that too, when it was competing with international oil giants like BP. The story unfurls a host of channels being utilized, including economic diplomacy et al. This story makes an interesting thriller. Here is an excerpt:   WELCOME to the world of global oil deals  the most thrilling game in town. It is a game that the Americans, Russians and British, and, recently, the Chinese and the Malaysians, have been playing  and one which India has just joined in. It involves picking up stakes in  and ideally control of  each key new oil field around the globe that gets discovered. It is a playing field teeming with sharks  and the Indian players are still minnows. OVL has a turnover of a mere Rs 2,622 crore. The other Indian player, Oil India, is around the same size at Rs 2,000 crore. Indian Oil Corporation (IOC), however, has a turnover of Rs 119,848 crore ($25.5 billion), while Reliance Industries, Indias biggest private sector company and the only private sector player getting into the game, is all of Rs 60,000 crore ($12.8 billion). By comparison, the smallest of the global oil giants, TotalFinaElf, had a turnover of $94 billion (2002). The biggest, ExxonMobil, is a $191-billion giant with operations in 75 countries.  Thats not deterring the Indian players though. In the last four years, the Indian quartet has agreed to fork out nearly $3.3 billion (Rs 15,510 crore) between them to pick up interests in oilfields in 10 countries including Russia, Yemen, Sudan, Vietnam, Iraq and even the US.   The whole story is available online at the  urlLink Business World  site.Entering New Markets Internationally   Market entry decisions are among the most important strategic choices companies make. Entering any market requires a major commitment of financial and managerial resources, but foreign markets can be especially demanding.  The recent issue of the  urlLink SternBusiness  carries an article on a discussion of strategies for enterning new markets globally.  It says that the majority research on the internationalization process focuses on two factors as the primary determinants of foreign market entry: cultural similarity and economic attractiveness. Many researchers find that cultural similarity with respect to the domestic market is an important determinant of entry, while others have found that market entry decisions are positively related to country size and the levels of development, trade, and infrastructure.   Higher near-market economic knowledge is associated with higher probability of entry. By investing in a small country first and learning about the cultural and economic characteristics of its consumers and business institutions, a firm may be more successful when entering a larger country with similar characteristics.  The article explores the prevailing assumptions regarding the entry of an MNC into a new market, and then further goes on to analyse the most common product domains which have been a success in entering new markets. An interesting article, and the inferences drawn from the study henceforth.Direct from Dell   I have been doing a lot of reading of late. Right now, the books on my table are Tom Peter's "The Pursuit of WOW" and Michael Dell's "Direct from Dell". Both of them make an interesting reading. Tom Peter's, as usual, is a fantastic eye-opener. The guru mantras (I know it seems to have a spiritual bent but what the heck ...mantras are mantras ... and he calls himself the business-age guru)... as I was saying...the guru mantras are just amazing ... I notice those small things everyday but mostly didnt stop to look and analyse and derive meaningful thought process and conclusions from the day to day banal stuff. That is where Tom stands out.  Dell too made interesting reading. The way he ripped open his first computer just to see how it functions. And then his entrepreneurial drive right from the tender age of 12. The man ROCKS !!!urlLink How to revive investment   Swami talks about the investment scene in the country, which has failed to pick up despite the chronic efforts by various ministers. He proposes an alternate line of thought, a paradigm, which tends to "reduce the shareholding of the government below 51 per cent in public sector banks. Once this happens, officers in these banks will no longer be subject to vigilance (anti-corruption) inquiries when loans go bad. This single step, with all its limitation, can give a major push to investment and industrial growth."  He suggests that the best security for a bank is the "profitability" of the borrower. Yet, usually the lending rules adhered to by the bank ignore profitability and focus on sales, which should not be the  modus operandi .  Citing the last lines, "Some years ago, Yashwant Sinha introduced legislation to lower the government stake in public sector banks to 33 per cent, while retaining management control. Privatisation would be a more thorough reform. But even this half-baked reform has been opposed by the Congress, whose help is required to clear the Rajya Sabha. Dr Manmohan Singh, you must know that your party position on this matter is nonsense. Please end it. "Cancun Talks    urlLink Knowledge@Wharton  says that though the talks at Cancun failed to establish any concrete results, yet the emergence of the third world order in a unified stand is a reason enough to feel happy about. The article goes on to describe various political implications on the participating industrialised economies like US and Europe. It lauds the coalition on holding together as a single entity and not breaking up. The article is a good read.A public toilet with TV and newspapers!    urlLink Chalomumbai.com  reports that the luxury of television sets inside washrooms is not restricted to five-star hotels alone. A public pay-and-use toilet in  Govandi  is now offering residents a chance to watch their favourite programmes and also read the morning newspaper while waiting their turn to answer nature's call.   The toilet, managed by Nav Disha Samajit Shaikshanik Sanstha, caters to about 1,000 residents of Datta Nagar, Buddha Nagar, Gautam Nagar and Kamgar Vasahat. It is also frequented by taxi drivers and truckers.   As many as 250 families from the area are members of the public toilet and have monthly passes.  This seems like a really healthy change in the pathetic state of public restrooms. Reminds me of the Tom Peter's repeatedly stressed paradigms about public service and profitability from his book,  "In Search of Excellence" . A small effort leading to a customer (read consumer) centric endeavour is a sureshot winner any day.   More such projects should come up in nearly all the suburbs of the city. And its a sure way to improve the society and make money at the same time, which I am sure no one would mind given the benefits.  Shine on Mumbai :-).Your face can be your Password    urlLink The Economic Times  reports that there is a high-tech solution that could render obsolete your growing jumble of credit card PINs and computer passwords -- and it's as plain as the nose on your face or fingerprint.  The concept is based on biometrics -- a branch of technology that identifies individuals based on biological traits. Already, a host of firms including Minnesota-based Identix and Paris-based Schlumberger Smart Cards and Terminals built businesses on military and government contracts. But with costs of raw material, computer chips and scanners plummeting, the technology is moving to the high street.  The USP of this whole biometrics business is the price of the chip and doing away with remembering PIN ids et al. The chip unit costs in the past year are believed to have fallen from 40 ($66.79) to four pounds. This drop in price is expected to attract the interest of cost-conscious consumers and businesses, building the biometrics market into a $4 billion segment by 2007, up from $900 million in 2002, according to recent industry studies.  According to a recent study by Aberdeen Group, large organisations spend as much as $350 per employee annually on computer password management as employees invariably ring the IT "help" crew asking them to reset one of the myriad password codes needed to access the corporate computer network.   urlLink IIT Bombay  currently uses smart cards for login access at the institute computer centre.  Says a student, "As I can login with my smart card on a terminal, leave my work in a GUI running.... Just take out the smart card... go do whatever work I want to do and come back and insert the smart card back again in any comp having those smart card slots, and Voila!! my whole desktop magically reappears... I don't even need to put my password or go through any such login procedures..."   Personally, I find the concept of moving from any terminal to any otherterminal in CC, without having to go through the hassle of savingwork, logout, go to other comp, login, open the work again.  The utility of a single smart card is such an effort-saving process on the part of the customer or user who has to remember a lot of passwords or carry such stuff as smart cards. However, this new application obviates the need for even the smart cards, which till now proved a lot better than having to remember passwords.   So now, imagine a quick scan of your iris, fingerprint or entire face to authorise a credit card transaction, speed your way through customs at the airport or log you onto your computer.MIT's OpenCourseWare Project   MIT has come up with a very commendable effort; a worldwide applauded project, called the  urlLink OpenCourseWare Project .  MIT OCW is a publication of the MIT course materials, the best part of which is that the material is freely accessible and does not require any registration. Its a great effort to further the education process by opening up the courseware for the whole world to see. I hope that a lot of Indian universities take cue from this, learn from the method of instruction and teaching at MIT and improve their own educational modus operandi. I am just waiting to see when IIT comes up with the same idea, and I am so sure that the IIT course curriculum would be a toughie for the world to match up with.  Check out the site at  urlLink MIT OCW .Entrepreneurial Checklist   Most of the start-ups that are based on a product or a concept, start with much aplomb and energy. But as the business process unfolds, the myraid problems and hindrances, facing realistic everyday issues become too much of an unseen and unwanted stress for the entrepreneur. To give potential entrepreneurs an idea of the sort of questions they must face when entering business for themselves, the StartupJournal enlists a checklist. Its a very EXTENSIVE list, but interesting at the same time.   I am sure its going to be a handy reference for all the budding entrepreneurs out there. Shine on !!  The list can be accessed at  urlLink Startup Checklist .Speech Writing   "The higher you rise in the corporate ranks, the more you're expected to speak on public occasions, and the shorter the preparation time often is. The temptation is to wing it or, if you do prepare something, not to rehearse but to rely on your native ability and good luck to see you through. The sad truth is that when you wing it, the performance is rarely as good in the audience's memory as it is in the speaker's. The reason is that your heightened adrenaline literally makes you feel better--more energy, more enthusiasm, more acuity--and so you rate your own performance better."   urlLink HBS Working Knowledge  begins thus with the article from the book  Blank Page to First Draft in 15 Minutes: The Most Effective Shortcut to Preparing a Speech or Presentation , by Phillip Khan-Pami, a coach and competition-winning speaker himself.   Khan-Pami suggests beginning by identifying your core message:   When you have completed your presentation or speech, what will people remember? What will they take away with them, to apply and change their ways, and one day perhaps even thank you for? What one sentence will correctly sum up your entire presentation? That's your Core Message.   Make no mistake: Your listeners will take away a core message of sorts. They will carry away an impression of what you were saying. It may be complimentary, it may be less so. It may be about you and your delivery, or it may be about your content. If you want them to receive and carry away the right messageyour Core Messageyou must first identify what you believe it to be and write it down.  The article provides a number of formats to structure a speech:    PREP, which stands for PositionReasonExamplePosition: The idea is that you state your claim (which should sound a lot like your core message) and then give your reasons for it. Follow that with a compelling example, and close by restating your position.     PastPresentFuture, which takes the storyline of your idea and presents it in chronological form.     ProblemCauseSolution. This structure works well for business arguments and situations. You state the problemdeclining sales, sayand then analyze the cause. You follow the analysis with your recommendations for a solution.     AIDA, which stands for AttentionInterestDesireAction, works best when you're trying to persuade someone of something. First you grab their attention with a statistic or anecdote or claim that is sufficiently surprising to take your audience away from its concerns to yours. Then you raise the audience's interest by stating the benefits of the position you're advocating.     Tellx3, which, despite its trendy appearance, is actually the most conventional of structures. It stands for "Tell 'em what you're going to say, say it, tell ' em what you said."The Red Lobster Story   There are some good marketing lessons to be taken from the news about the Red Lobster executive who was fired for initiating an all-you-can-eat special.   Analysts say where Red Lobster, which is operated by Darden Restaurants Inc., went wrong wasn't in launching the promotion, but in depending on it too heavily. The trick in such situations is to make the rest of the menu -- or the rest of your product line -- appealing enough so the promotion draws people in, but persuades them to choose something else, not the special.   Red Lobster also thought it would cover the downside by charging a higher price for the special. But that just prompted people to eat even more.   In addition to all of this, the seafood market shifted and crab prices went up.   So don't get baked like Red Lobster. Be smart with your marketing ideas.  Taken from  urlLink StartupJournal | Small Business Report .Scientists think universe shaped like soccer ball    The universe may be finite, spherical and patched together like a soccer ball, according to U.S. and French researchers.   In research reported in the recent edition of the science journal Nature, the scientists said data from NASA's Wilkinson Microwave Anisotropy Probe, which maps background radiation left over from the Big Bang, is not consistent with an infinite universe. The astronomical data suggests the universe is finite and made of curved pentagons joined together into a sphere.   Read the report at  urlLink CNN.com .Talking WindScreens can prevent Accidents.    urlLink BBC NEWS  reports that an idea is being promoted by Dr Charles Spence, from the University of Oxford, who carried out research using a state-of-the-art driving simulator. He claims that Hi-tech "talking windscreens" used in cars instead of mobile phones could reduce the risk of accidents.  The researcher claims that that the major contribution to an increased accident risk is the distraction of a driver's attention; rather than problems with physically handling a phone. He has carried out many tests, and the drivers found it easier to divide their attention between the eye and ear if the relevant sources of information came from the same direction.  So maybe, in the near future, the mobile phones would give way to talking windscreens. However, I feel one aspect of communication that the researcher did not address is privacy of the conversation with the windscreen via media. Does everyone get to listen in on the conversation or is there a one-to-one module for this medium of communication?Self Destruct E-Mail   News is on the web about Microsoft entering into a partnership with a San Fransisco based agency, which is a provider of corporate management systems, to help companies evaluate, implement and monitor email policies.  Disappearing Email for Microsoft Outlook is a plug-in that allows the corporate user to email messages and attachments that self-destruct at a time specified by the user or the user's corporate email policy.  Will be posting more on this, as and when I get to know more about this new plug in.Cell Phone company Thinks out of the Box    urlLink News.com  reports that in Manila, Philippines, Jessica Gazo has found a job as part of a new long-range sales team at the Philippine cellular operator Smart Communications and that too without sitting through a job interview or even submitting a resume.  Gazo, a 33-year-old housewife who lives 600 miles south of Manila in Davao City, is one of more than 100,000 mobile phone users who re-sell Smart's cellular services through a new prepaid service called Smart Buddy e-Load. With a special $20 chip for her mobile phone, Gazo can transfer bits of air time to her friends' and acquaintances' phones--as little as 55 cents (30 pesos) worth.   Since Smart began the program in May, Smart Buddy has exploded in popularity, giving the company a more inexpensive way of distributing service to the country's poorest, most remote neighborhoods and villages. The first such service of its kind, Smart Buddy marries the latest in cellular commerce with a much older marketing concept of  miniature packaging  that helped bring middle-class amenities to developing countries decades ago.   "It's a good idea in encouraging air time," said Karen Ang, regional telecommunications analyst at Citigroup Smith Barney in Singapore. "It widens the affordability of the product without Smart having to reduce prices."   While Smart said it was unaware of any similar services outside the Philippines, analysts say the concept behind Smart Buddy could help operators expand not only into rural areas of developing countries like   China   and   India  , but among lower-income segments of the population in developed countries like the United States, particularly among teenagers.  It is also hard to find anyone who actually talks on his or her phone. In a nation where the average annual income is less than $1,000, most Filipinos rely instead on cheaper text messaging. " Texting ," as it is known, has cult status in Philippines, and everyone from the poorest student to the loftiest government official uses it. Executives tap out messages during business meetings. When hot news or juicy rumors erupt, they spread like wildfire over the country's text networks, which have become a kind of handheld national chat room.   Offering cheap text helped Smart's largest rival, Globe Telecom, to become the largest cellular operator in the country. But Smart has gradually surpassed Globe, taking a 46 percent share of the cellular market, thanks in part to offering innovative new ways to capitalize on texting's popularity. In addition to financial information, news and celebrity gossip, some of the text messaging services Smart offers are uniquely Filipino. Safe Taxi, for instance, was developed in response to a rash of assaults by taxi drivers. When Smart's customers get in a cab, they can send a message to the company's network recording their taxi's license-plate number. If they do not send a message again within 30 minutes indicating they have arrived at their destination safely, the network sends a message to a friend or relative alerting them to a potential problem.  Smart will not say just how much air time is being bought over Smart Buddy, but analysts say more than a third of the companies' prepaid use is already being carried by the service. For Smart, that reduces the need to print and distribute prepaid cards for calls.   Best of all, Smart Buddy buyers can request such a card from re-sellers like Gazo by phone wherever they happen to be. Gazo says she has one customer who lives two hours away. Selling to distant customers means selling on credit, but Gazo said she did not mind.Nokia N-Gage Cracked    urlLink The Register  reports that the security system built into Nokia's N-Gage has been cracked, allowing other Symbian-based mobile handsets to play games designed for the Finnish handheld console-cum-phone.   So claims gaming web site Spong, without explaining how the crack works. But work it does. Siemens phone fan-site ClubSiemens has a series of pictures of the handset running the N-Gage title SonicN.   "The Ngage games runs very well on the SX1," the site reports. "[You] just need to transfer the game file to the MMC and use a specific application to install the game. There is no lag at all and the sound is nice, especially when using the stereo headset. Graphics are perfect, just have to remember to press the hash key to get the game in fullscreen."  This seems an interesting idea though stuff like this might lead to cracking and game piracy. I don't know where this will lead to with respect to Nokia and what measures the company might take to prevent such a thing from happening.Ruminations   I am reading a book,  777 Mathematical Conversation Starters  by John dePillis. Its an interesting book with lots of quotes, poems, laws and anecdotes et al.  Herez some of them, and further I will keep updating this page with what I like from the book.  Robert Lee Moore (1882-1974) coined the term "point-set topology". He is well known for his unique teaching method which, some would say, was less than minimalist. Learning by the student and teaching of the student was the responsibility of --the student. Moore's pupils were obliged to avoid textbooks and all other references in favor of "discovery". The result? After 64 years of teaching, Moore's 50 doctoral students include three preseidents of the AMS and five presidents of MAA.   Probability vs. Determinism :   Billiard balls ... are routinely invoked as the model of predictable physics. No one calls billiards a game of chance. All it requires to get the ball into the pockets is a well-measured poke of the perfectly positioned cue.  Dice on the other hand, [are perceived to be] the epitome of chance. Yet billiard balls and dice are both governed by the same physical laws.   So in the final analysis, chance lies in the clumsiness, the inexperience, or the naivete of the thrower-- or in the eye of the observer. In fact, one might perfectly imagine a civilization in which the rolling of the dice would be a sport and billiards a game of chance.   Problem Solving :  Professionals in all areas are expected by their clients to exhibit one quality they are supposed to have in common -- sound judgement. The following story provides an illustration:  In order to solve a persistent and intraceable probem with oneof its new multi-million dollar machines, a company contacted one of its recently retired engineers.  After studying the machine for a few hours, the engineer placed a small "x" in chalk on a particular component of the machine and proudly stated, " This is where your problem is. Replace this part." The part was replaced and the machine worked perfectly again. The company received a bill for $50,000 from the engineer for his service.  Feeling somewhat put upon, the company demanded an itemized accounting of the engineer's charges. The engineer's response read:   One Chalk mark $1.00. Knowing where to put it, $ 49,999.00.Parallel Universe   Wow!! Here is some fodder for thought, and I mean serious thought. I had heard the concept of a parallel universe and all that  urlLink string-theory  stuff which sounded very greek to me. But I happened to stumble on a website  urlLink BBC - Horizon - Parallel Universes  which details the concept of parallel universe. It says that the dimensions exist much beyond the most well known number 3. The scientists believe that there are 11 dimensions and the eleventh dimension is where all the hoopla takes place. It further goes on to say that we are in a tiny bubble which is a part of an infinite membranous bubble structure. And that gravity is just the pull exerted on us by the antimatter or the parallel universe near us.  Hmm, sounds scary but interesting at the same time. Seems like another fiction becoming reality as things get discovered and sorted out. Check out this  urlLink article  as well for more on parallel universe.  Also, check out this  urlLink Interview .Project Looking Glass   "What if windows were translucent so you could see the multiple windows you're working on at the same time? What if you could tack a note to yourself right on the Web page you're viewing? What if your CD or movie database became a 3D jukebox, where titles were joined with images to make finding what you want easier than ever? "  Sun Microsystems' latest innovations by its Advanced Software Technology Team will make the above scenarios a reality for the desktop of the near future. Called Project Looking Glass, these Java technology-based developments will bring 3D windowing capabilities to the desktop to offer a far richer user experience for work and "play." But, it's not only about "eye-candy," it's about creating an engaging user experience, one that can make communications and collaboration even easier.  Read more on the  urlLink Project Looking Glass Site .Floating ATMs    urlLink Businessworld  reports that State Bank of India (SBI) is launching the world's first floating ATM in Kerala. The ATM will be on the state-owned ferry and uses CDMA wireless technology to run the machine. Though the ATM is primarily intended to serve backwater regulars, it also hopes to catch the swelling wave of tourists pouring into the state. Seems like the banks are doing everything innovative they can to reach out to their customers.  Incidentally, the other ATM worthy of mention is also from SBI aboard the ship Queen Mary II which is the biggest cruise ship in the world. ICICI bank has started mobile van ATM services in Mumbai.  Way to go for the banks.Roulette, Millions in money and A Cellphone   An alleged high-tech roulette scam that saw three people walk out of a London casino with 1.3 Million Pounds recently sounds too implausible even for a movie plot.  Reports suggest that mobile phones fitted with laser scanners can be used to measure the speed of the roulette ball when it was released, in order to calculate where it was likely to fall. The whole calculation would need to have been completed in just a few seconds, as the dealer cuts off betting after the ball has rolled three times around the wheel.  But the trick could be pulled off a lot more simply if the phones were used as stop watches, says Norman Packard, a physicist at the Santa Fe Institute in New Mexico, US. Just two equations - one for the ball and one for the wheel, which move in opposite directions - predict the likely area where the ball will stop. These equations comprise only a handful of parameters, including the mass and size of the ball, the shape and roughness of the track, and the tilt of the wheel.  Check out this interesting piece of news  urlLink here .Startup Secrets Revisited    urlLink The Origin of the Entrepreneurial Species  is a nice interview from the author of the book " The Origin and Evolution of New Businesses ". Amar Bhide discusses his book here and also pops out some nitty gritties of starting up your own business. An interesting read and a must for any budding entrepreneur.  The introduction to the interview is catchy itself. Check it out:  "I can't even begin to calculate how often people who are thinking about starting new businesses have asked me to name the one book that illuminates, more than any other, what it's essential to understand in order to create a successful start-up. For close to 20 years now, I've had to answer that there is no such animal. Don't get me wrong -- there are lots of perfectly acceptable books about almost every imaginable aspect of starting and running a new venture, from writing a business plan to raising capital. The limitation of such books is that, important though those tasks may be, you can get them right and still fall flat on your entrepreneurial face."Rent a Bike through Cell Phone    Call a Bike is a (relatively new) service from Deutsche Bahn (the German railway company) thats available in Berlin, Frankfurt, and Munich. They leave bikes locked up around the city and when you want to rent one you just call the number affixed to the bike with your cellphone, enter your credit card number, and they give you a number that unlocks the bike. You can use the bike for as long as you like, at a cost of 6 cents per minute (euro cents, that is), up to a maximum of 15 euros per day. When youre done with it you just lock up the bike at the nearest major crossing and get another code that you call in with to confirm that youve finished with your rental.  Check out the service  urlLink Call-a-bike .Google on Desktop    urlLink Google Deskbar  enables you to search with Google from any application without lifting your fingers from the keyboard. It is helpful if you do not want to open a browser window everytime you want to search for something. Included are the dictionary applications, froogle, as well as mathematical tools. Pretty interesting stuff. Check it out.Nokia 6610 i    Heard the news that Nokia is coming out with Nokia 6610 i . Too much for ingenuity. Anyways, I am currently using 6610 and would be waiting to see what does an added   i   does to the model. I am speculating that one of the new features possibly could be a digital camera, since its the current fad.Nascent Google    Want to see what Google's hardware looked liked during its early years at Stanford? Check  urlLink this  out.9/11 Controversy Deepens    urlLink LetsRoll911.org  deepens further, the 9/11 controversy that shook USA. The on-going study attempts to present a tangential picture, from the one reported by media, of the attacks on the WTC and the Pentagon.  The stuff makes an interesting reading, with various anomalies and potential conspiracy theories being discussed. The very idea of coming up with such a daughty line of thinking puts into limelight the possible obduracy of the US administration. Anyways, the site is still being updated, as and when, further investigation reports keep coming. Do check it out..mobi domain and mobile phone servers    urlLink The Seattle Times  does an interview with Michael Wehrs, Director of Microsoft Mobile Computing division. He talks about some really interesting ideas which will change the way we use our cell phones. Talk about .mobi domain, using our cell phones as servers, smart phones ... the list goes on. Imagine a phone five years down the line that has half a gigabyte of storage, gigahertz processors, screen technologies and battery technologies that get you at that level of performance through an entire day of use, devices that simply work on whatever area network is out there, and they're smart enough to switch between them. All this is actually being researched and work is going on to make all this possible, and the usual rat race continues to out beat competition.  Some of the fiercest competitors in the business have already hashed out details of the domain project, including Microsoft, Sun Microsystems, Nokia and Hewlett-Packard. The effort proposes to create mobile-specific Web sites that end in .mobi or .mbl though it still needs final approval.  Here is an excerpt from the  urlLink interview :   "We're looking at alternate user interfaces. Right now, everybody views a phone as a 12-button keypad and that's all you can really do with it. Some of the newer phones, (the Microsoft) Smartphone being an example, have softkeys which change their function based on what's on the menu. There is going to come a time when there's enough processing power on these devices to actually have a combined interface of input from a keypad but also some level of voice interaction, more than voice dialing.  If you create this new version of .com that will be the .mobi domain, you can do some very interesting things that mobile devices have unique capabilities of doing. Today, you can generally browse through a Web site on your phone but no one can access your phone as a Web server. If you have pictures stored on your device, the only way that you could share them with me is to actually send them to me as a message.    But wouldn't it be easier if from my Web browser I could just browse to your phone and look at them? In order to do those kinds of functions ... I need changes to the way the domain naming systems work. I need them to perform at levels that they currently don't have to perform at.  I think the things that you will see are significant changes in user interface. The idea that you have to pick up and dial a phone probably will be gone 10 years from now. The mode switching between doing a data thing or a voice thing, that will all be gone. You'll generally interact with your device via voice or via screen, but the idea that you're doing either/or will go away. It will just be integrated in.   The devices will become combined and in general much smaller. The idea of personal area networks where devices share their capabilities and leverage each other, 10 years from now that will all work so that you may have a watch that you talk to. You may have just a headset that that becomes your earpiece and microphone. The actual phone will be something in your pocket or in your PC that you have with you, so it'll find a radio network to use and let you connect."A9 from Amazon.com   Amazon.com launched its own search engine called  urlLink A9 , thus becoming the latest entrant in the domain dominated by Google, Yahoo and MSN.  Some salient features which might score it on other search engines are:   URL Short Cuts : At A9.com you can search directly from the browser URL box by typing:        a9.com/query   History : Keep track of the last sites visited (on any computer) and your most recent searches. It will keep track of the Web pages you recently visited--even if you switch computers.    Diary : This is the newest and coolest feature. You can take notes on any web page, and reference them whenever you visit that page, on any computer that you use. Your entries are automatically saved whenever you stop typing or when you go to another page.Homeless in NY    urlLink CNN.com  reports this story about a college student who says he spent eight months sleeping in a library basement because he couldn't afford campus housing. New York University officials eventually discovered an  urlLink online journal  the student kept about his experiences and relocated him to a free dorm room eventually.  Stanzak, who dubbed himself "Bobst Boy" on the Web site, says he washed in the library's bathroom and took occasional showers at friends' apartments and dorm rooms.3 - Dimensional Searching - The Next Stage in the Internet Search Domain    urlLink Wired.com  discusses the new paradigms dealing with the next stage of evolution in the internet search domain. The mind-boggling speed and reach of Internet search engines mask a severe limitation: They are powered by words alone. But the world is full of objects and patterns. Now computing researchers have developed search engines that can mine catalogs of three-dimensional objects, like airplane parts or architectural features.   All the users have to do is sketch what they're thinking of, and the search engines can produce comparable objects.    "The idea of information and knowledge, and retrieval of knowledge, has been something I've been intrigued with for a long time. This gives it a more solidified meaning," said Karthik Ramani, a Purdue University professor who created a system that can find computer-designed industrial parts. Ramani expects his search engine will serve huge industrial companies whose engineers often waste time and energy designing a specialized part when someone else has already created, used or rejected something similar.   With the Purdue search engine, designers could sketch the part they need and instantly see dozens in inventory that might fit the bill. If an item seems close, but not quite right, designers can see a "skeleton" of the part and manipulate it on their computer screens -- make it longer or shorter or curved, for example -- and then query the database again.    So how can computer programs look for objects? The breakthrough is the  voxel . Digital camera owners are familiar with pixels -- the basic element of a digital image. Each pixel is a tiny grain of color. Similarly, a voxel is the basic element of a three-dimensional object that is represented in a computer. Each voxel represents the volume of the object at any given point.    In Ramani's program, for example, stored CAD designs and entries sketched by users are converted into voxels. Then voxel patterns are compared for similarities. Because the voxels represent volume rather than just shape, the program can sniff out, say, a coffee cup, which is mostly hollow but might have a solid handle.Microsoft Reaches out to Developers   Microsoft Corp. has recently come up with a new site called  urlLink Channel 9  that combines a host of social networking technologies in a move to improve communications with outside software developers. The site uses weblogs, mobile blogs, wikis and forums as well as other technologies to reach out to developers. The site was created by a group of five engineers and technology evangelists at Microsoft; it was named after the United Airlines in-flight audio channel that allows passengers to listen in on cockpit communications.  The welcome message on the site reads,"We think developers need their own Channel 9, a way to listen in to the cockpit at Microsoft, an opportunity to learn how we fly, a chance to get to know our pilots. Five of us in Redmond are crazy enough to think we just might learn something from getting to know each other."  Channel 9 seems to be all about creating a new level of communication between Microsoft and developers -- beyond the news groups, blogs and the press releases. Microsoft has been pursuing this initiative quietly, and has already been selecting and naming a select group of developers and users as MVPs -- or Microsoft Most Valuable Professionals. Over 2,500 people have been awarded MVP status till now.  BTW, for the uninitiated, Weblogs, or blogs, are personal-journal-type entries on a Web page, mobile blogs are Web pages with pictures taken using a camera phone, and wikis are user-editable Web pages.Google Phone   Just read about a new gadget being planned by Google. Its called Google "phone" - a branded consumer appliance that would make it possible to get Google search results and ads almost anywhere. Such a product would extend the company's search service far beyond the desktop computing market. The idea, like much of what the company is planning, is still secret.  Lets see how this idea shapes up for the company. Already, Google is hoping to cash in on the Gmail hype. The introduction of Google IPO is well timed, and is following the new bid-auction modus operandi. Well, there is still time to make final comments on the company, as the whole idea of net search and search engines is undergoing a complete metamorphosis right now. How Google fares in the longer run, is yet to be seen.The Perfect PDA recipe   PDA prices and the innovation in bringing out newer models has been falling rapidly with the rise of laptop markets and introduction of tablet PCs. However, some companies are still working hard to recapture the market share, that they have lost out to other digital devices.  urlLink Dana Blankenhorn  has a wishlist for a perfect PDA:   # A keyboard as big as I can make it. You can do that with infrared, so I can pound on any surface and still type.  # A real voice interface. If I can train it to my handwriting, which is abysmal, I should be able to train it to my voice.   # The ability to transcribe recorded notes.  # An integrated camera, so I can snap the picture, do the interview, and get both words-and-pictures for editing when I want them.  # Make that a video camera.   # Tighter integration with all kinds of PCs, especially laptops.  # Integrated cell phones standard.  # Cognitive radio that will automatically use 802.11 or cell systems, whatever it finds.    I put this in my pocket, I take my pictures and short videos, I do my interviews, it transcribes my notes, and I can then use an infrared keyboard to turn that into a package I can deliver through a blog.Gmail and Orkut   After receiving an invite through  urlLink Blogger  recently, I joined  urlLink Gmail , the email service from Google.   After I signed up and read some review sites, I got apprehensive and doubtful about whether Gmail was worth using. There were privacy issues and polices being critically discussed. And that was one of the biggest concerns. However, I was delighted to see Google react positively to such qualms and change its privacy policy to suit the concerns of the users. That simply proved Gmail to be more customer-centric rather than just being naive and dull 'another' email service.   The biggest draw is the storage space of 1 Gb that is being provided. I have exchanged around 150 mails through Gmail, and not deleted any one mail till now. The message display is fabulous, and has the display structure just like that of a message board. The reply box is right below the message, thus saving the users time and clicks. Another plus is the search function. You can search all your mail box by entering two or three keywords. I tried it using various combinations and found the search very accurate. A great email service indeed.   urlLink Orkut  is a new community centric site, where you can only join in if you are invited by someone who is already a member. A nice site, with a lot of possibility for business networking and meeting up with old friends. Though there are many sites based on this model, this site has been growing in popularity and user base. I think the main reason is the association of Google with it.  Also in the offing from Google is the "Google Groups". They will be on the same lines as  urlLink Yahoogroups  and the  urlLink MSN  groups. So finally, Google is taking its 'search-domain' competitors head on, by starting services which are the USP of its competitors.  The competition hots up for the internet companies, but that is good news for internet users, who get all the goodies for free. And a whole lot of choices too.Puzzle Site    urlLink Mathpuzzle.com  is a very interesting puzzle site. Check it out for some brainstorming sessions.QuickTopic    urlLink Quicktopic  is a very useful document review site, which allows others to comment on your work.   Imagine that you have authored a document and you would like your peers to review it. This site gives you an instant private space for gathering comments on any HTML document (Microsoft Word documents too). Your group can comment on each paragraph, directly within the document, and you can also display, sort, and print the comments separately. Comments are all in one central place.   This is true collaboration, much better than mailing documents around and having people make comments in isolation. And it's private, but still easy to access.Paradigms   Something really interesting that I picked up from  urlLink Seth's Blog . Seth Godin is a Marketing 'God' in his own league. He is the author of  urlLink Permission Marketing ,  urlLink Purple Cow  and the most popular  e -book on innovation,   urlLink Ideavirus  . He is an MBA from Stanford and a very renowned speaker.   "I just finished giving a talk to a group of 400 high-powered (high-leverage, high-paid) credit card execs. As I left the hotel, I passed a much smaller room, where a seminar for local CPAs was going on.  The snacks didn't seem as good. The booklets weren't that interesting either. apparently. But what occurred to me is that the folks in the second room were just as smart and just as talented as the execs in the first room.   The first group was enjoying the benefits of aiming high. They didn't get these jobs because they were arguably smarter or had better connections or had gone to Harvard. No, they were starting with the same raw materials as the group in the second room. The difference, i think, was that a long time ago, the people in the second room had made a decision about what they deserved, or what they were capable of, or what they were going to stick with. And it was a bad decision.  No, not everyone should be a banking executive. But no one who aspires to be a bank executive should sell themselves short because of a decision they made a long time ago. In a world where the past matters a lot less than it ever did before, where it's easier than it ever was to hit the reset button, it's sad to see someone choosing to be stuck. So, if you want to, switch.  Hey, the snacks are better."Canon Powershot A60          The old kid in fresh hands. Under trial :-).This  urlLink site  is steaming up the anti-India outsourcing propaganda by selling T-shirts like these.          Their site reads, "Help us to pressure Congress and our state governments to stop doing business with companies that outsource their jobs to offshore companies".   Further I came across  urlLink Blame India Watch , a site concerned with the increasing anti-Indian/anti-India sentiment among tech workers, as well as media coverage that focuses disproportionately on Indian workers or propagates anti-India(n) sentiment.   It looks as if the Outsourcing issues are hotting up once again, and this time on the net.Yahoo Mail - From 4 Mb to 100Mb    urlLink CNET  reports that the web portal Yahoo will begin offering ' virtually unlimited storage ' for its paid e-mail customers and will upgrade free users to 100MB.   This new upgrade plan is part of an overall enhancement for Yahoo Mail that will launch this summer. Besides additional storage, the service will get a face-lift and tie in more Yahoo-branded services, such as Photos and Messenger. Its being speculated, that after Google announced its email offer, Yahoo sent emails to Yahoo mail customers in hopes of gauging their interest in receiving 100 Mb storage.   The competition between Yahoo and Google continues to heighten. In February, Yahoo dropped Google as its algorithmic search provider and instead launched its own technology. The companies also compete over distribution deals, as evidenced in Yahoo replacing Google search on  urlLink CNN.com  this week.Webpage Auto Generator    urlLink StrangeBanana  is a program that creates a random webpage design. The page designs have, usually, never been seen before - they are created programmatically at random. Once you refresh the page, a new design appears. If you want, you can use the design for your own website (in that case you should save it immediately, because when you leave the page, you will never be able to get the same design again). An amusing concept, which ended up making me say, "Kewl" ;-).Enum    urlLink ENUM  is a protocol that is the result of work of the Internet Engineering Task Force's ( urlLink IETF 's) Telephone Number Mapping working group. The charter of this working group was to define a Domain Name System (DNS)-based architecture and protocols for mapping a telephone number to a Uniform Resource Identifier (URI) which can be used to contact a resource associated with that number. ENUM was developed as a solution to the question of how network elements can find services on the Internet using only a telephone number, and how telephones, which have an input mechanism limited to twelve keys on a keypad, can be used to access Internet services. ENUM at its most basic is the convergence of PSTN and IP networks; it is the mapping of a telephone number from the public switched telephone network to Internet functionalities.  ENUM enables Internet-based users to make a selection from a range of services available for communicating with another person when the caller knows only a telephone number or has access only to a telephone keypad. ENUM allows users to access Internet-based services and resources from Internet-aware telephones, ordinary telephones connected to Internet gateways or proxy services, and other Internet-connected devices where input is limited to numeric digits. ENUM enables users to specify their preferences for receiving incoming communications, and gives greater user control over communications. For example, a user can specify a preference for voice mail messages over live calls during certain times of day, or may indicate a destination for call forwarding.   The potential applications of ENUM are far-reaching; however, the principal applications for ENUM have centered on two areas. One is Voice over IP (VoIP) and the other centers on Voice Protocol for Internet Mail (VPIM). The long-stated goal of the VoIP industry has been to make a phone call over the Internet as easy to make and as high-quality as a regular PSTN phone call. The goal of the VPIM industry has been to develop a comprehensive mechanism by which voice mail systems could exchange messages over IP networks. ENUM enables carrier and enterprise voice mail systems to find each other, interoperate, and exchange messages.   Although VoIP and VPIM are the most widely discussed applications, other application possibilities for ENUM, including but not limited to Internet Fax and Instant Messaging, exist.   ENUM has started user trial registrations. I have already got mine :-).C.R.U.D.E.    A Charlotte, NC, lawyer purchased a box of very rare and expensive cigars then insured them against fire among other things. Within a month having smoked his entire stock pile of these great cigars and without yet having made even his first premium payment on the policy, the lawyer filed a claim against the insurance company. In his claim, the lawyer stated the cigars were lost 'in a series of small fires.'   The insurance company refused to pay, citing the obvious reason: that the man had consumed the cigars in the normal fashion. The lawyer sued... and won! In delivering the ruling the judge agreed with company that the claim was frivolous. The Judge stated nevertheless, that the lawyer held a policy from the company in which it had warranted that the cigars were insurable and also guaranteed that it would insure them against fire, without defining what is considered to be unacceptable fire, and was obligated to pay the claim. Rather than endure lengthy and costly appeal process, the insurance company accepted the ruling and paid $15,000 to the lawyer for his loss of the rare cigars lost in the 'fires'.   After the lawyer cashed the check, the insurance company had him arrested on 24 counts of ARSON!!!! With his own insurance claim and testimony from the previous case being used against him, the lawyer was convicted of intentionally burning his insured property and was sentenced to 24 months in jail and a $24,000 fine.   This is a true story and was the 1st place winner in the recent Criminal Lawyers Award Contest.MyLifeBits Project    urlLink MyLifeBits Project  is an initiative currently underway at Microsoft's Media Presence Research Group, and is directed by Gordon Bell, who was instrumental in creating the first commercial minicomputers in the 1960s.  According to  urlLink Microsoft  - MyLifeBits is a lifetime store of everything. When you are dead and gone maybe your descendants will be able to go thorough minute details of your life, your conversations, e-mail exchanges and the pictures and video highlights of your existence. That's the idea behind MyLifeBits, which aims to record the essence of a person's life on computer disks. Every photograph snapped, home movie filmed, Web page browsed, e-mail scribbled, phone call made or bill paid would be there in the storage space.  There are two main parts to MyLifeBits: an experiment in lifetime storage, and a software research effort. Both of them seem to be the most challenging. Because, firstly, searching this huge chunk of information would be a very task-intensive procedure. However, future technologies might make this possible. Secondly, documenting such a huge information base is a very tedious affair. Our lives maybe on the digital road but there is no way to organise all the pictures, e-mails and documents that form everything about our existence.  Still the project is being pursued with full enthusiasm. Cheers to Bell and his team.Digital Photography    urlLink Photoxels  is a nice site on digital photography. There are nice and detailed tutorials on digital photography terminology. Besides this, the site has one-pager format tutorials which give out various tips about taking pictures.  Though the digital camera reviews are not as informative and exhaustive as  urlLink Steve's  or  urlLink DCResource , but overall the site makes an interesting reading and is worth a visit.  My favourite forum site for digital photography is  urlLink DPreview . The site has categorized listings according to the camera models and brands. That makes searching a lot more easier than the usual single forum posting method. I like the ease of usability and the whole concept of the forum site.BlogLines    urlLink Bloglines  is a free service that makes it easy to keep up with your favorite blogs and newsfeeds. With Bloglines, you can subscribe to the RSS feeds of your favorite blogs, and Bloglines will monitor updates to those sites. You can read the latest entries easily within Bloglines.   I loved this site. Its a great service that has the advantage of not sucking up local resources, and more importantly, is outside my control in terms of news updates. I don't have to keep clicking the refresh button looking for another seed of info if I have control of my own aggregator, so it's much better to let someone do the refreshing for me. Seriously.Unlike other aggregators which require you to download and install software, Bloglines runs on their own servers and requires no installation. And since my Bloglines account is accessible through a web browser, I can access my account from any Internet-connected machine.  So no hopping over from one blog site to another now, when you can read all the feeds at one place. There is another option of sharing your feeds, so that people know what you read. Besides this, another good feature is the ability to send the feed as email; so the next time you read anything interesting, you can just click on email it and share it with your friends.  The site design needs a little fine tuning, as the three frame model seems primitive. Besides this, people are also advicing them about their revenue models. These issues are just timely, and will be taken care of as Bloglines grows. A great service indeed. Check it out!!SpyMac - Another 1 Gb Email Provider   Close on the heels of Gmail comes  urlLink Spymac , the web storage service from Spymac Network. Spymac is the largest Online Macintosh User Group and is developing under the belief that community is the Internet's most valuable resource.  It features an email account with 1GB of space with POP and IMAP access (so you can use it in Mail.app); 100MB of web space; 250MB of picture storage space; Public and private iCal hosting; A Personal Blog, Forum, and Picture Gallery; Customizable Content. And all this is   FREE  .  The question that pops up is, How do they pay for that? And sure enough, SpyMac has a section outlining that, right when you register. They are able to make the service free through revenue generated from their Auctions, their Shop, their Web Hosting service, and their Ads.  I have been reading articles and reviews on Spymac and they are not very great. Mostly, user complaints are about the slow email processing, chronic misconfiguration of spymac mail servers which end up causing some days' delay in receiving emails. Spymac is being used mainly as a POP mail account, but I think the picture gallery and blog space might thrive.  Overall, here is cheers to another email service that has opened up the storage space domain and providing the services for free. I think that the only point where they score over gmail specifically is that there is no keyword scanning and hence no advertisements. So the privacy issues are kept at bay and not tampered with.  Lets see how this finally shapes up. For the time being, go get your username before its taken.US CEOs Appeal for Outsourcing    urlLink HindustanTimes.com  reports that top American CEOs including Microsofts Steve Ballmer have petitioned the US Congress not to throw up barriers to outsourcing.  They have also sought a major revamp of the American education system, saying it lags behind that of India and China when it comes to technology courses.   Much to the delight of the executives, some Senators backed outsourcing despite it being a politically-sensitive issue in the run-up to the November elections. As Senator Bennett put it: Let us not be carried away with the concept that trade hurts American jobs.The Spirit of nation building  Every now and then the powers of the country throw up a new surprise, even to cynical beings like myself. But this one is a surprise of hope- Rangaswamy Elango of Tamil Nadu. A chemical engineer from Tamil Nadu, this villager Dalit boy decided to run.....back to his village and catalyze the development of a backward region as a Sarpanch. Although Rangaswamy is socialist in his approach (which, in the setup he works in, is a better beginning than none at all), one cannot help but admire the spirit of the man, who reawakens the spirit of nation service as existed in the days of the old.    urlLink Read on further...Yahoo Mail    urlLink Yahoo! Mail  finally became 100 Mb today. And unlimited email storage for its premium customers. The email service providers war is hotting up. Wondering if and when Microsoft follows suit and does the same for Hotmail.Need Gmail ??   I came across a very interesting site called  urlLink Gmail Swap  and could not help laughing. Endless are the things that people would do for a 1Gb account on Gmail. Anyways, this site is for all those, who have not got their gmail accounts. Here you can leave a request and some humble soul will send you an invite out of love or pure unadulterated altruism.  The site punchline says it all:  " gmail swap tells the people with gmail about the people without "Infosys Does it Again   Professor Sadagopan writes on his  urlLink site  that Infosys does it again  pays out the single largest dividend payment ever by an Indian private sector employer. In the AGM held on 13th June 2004 Infosys formalized its earlier commitment to pay  2,590%  dividend payment, as a special gesture to its shareholders on the historic occasion of its crossing the Billion Dollar mark.   It is one more feather to Infosys cap  the first company to start ESOP, the first to list in NASDAQ, the first to announce quarterly results on time every time, the first to move to GAPP accounting, the first to have international professionals on its Board and compensate them as per global market conditions, the first to hire from best in class campuses of Harvard & MIT etc., and the list goes on. It is a proud moment for private sector (in the light of politicians going back to public sector, it clearly demonstrates that what India needs is good companies, ownership is incidental, if at all politicians are serious they should make public sector companies go public by serving citizens and not move towards making them serve private interests of politicians and bureaucrats).The hollywood legend Marlon Brando is dead. A two times oscar winner, Marlon Brando potrayed the role of Don Vito Corleone in the  Godfather . A potrayal of depth, purpose, intelligence and hypocrisy, the character is best summed up with the  let me make you an offer you can't refuse   What I learnt now is more interesting: many rate his performance as Stanley Kowalski of "A Streetcar Named Desire" as his best. Here's to the best of the best.Three Cheers    urlLink HindustanTimes.com  reports the story of a rickshaw puller's daughter who cracked the pre-medical entrance exam, one of the most competitive medical entrance examinations in India.   For most of the years that Vaishali Wankhede studied, her family could not afford electricity. She had to make do by studying under the street-light just outside her house. Even when they finally managed to get power connection, she still had to study under the street-light as six other members of the family slept, moved or fought in the barely 20-ft by 15-ft slum dwelling which is her home. Today, having secured around 86 per cent marks in the Pre-Medical Test (PMT), Vaishali's ambition and aspiration have managed to throw back the burden of circumstances. Her mother Maya is a house-help, washing utensils and clothes. She has studied till Class VIII. Her father Ramesh is a rickshaw-puller.   Hats off to the girl who has proved that hard work and determination is what counts in the end. Read the full story  urlLink here .IT and India - Questions and Speculations   The fall of Chandra Babu Naidu, the chief minister who had become an icon-figure for IT in India, has led to a speculation of whether IT has failed in India. There are some issues cited by political parties et al for the failure. Some feel IT has NOT created jobs. Many in the left front feel that IT is for the rich. Another argument is that water and electricity are more important than IT. In Karnataka, the argument is that IT only benefits urban youth. Every one is damn sure that India is NOT shining.  Professor Sadagopan analyses these arguments and tries to create a wholesome picture. He writes on his  urlLink blog  that the IT provides a person with a skill set that results in life-long jobs that are well-paying and accessible to one and all, unlike many of the jobs that are created by Government Schemes for 3-4 months. He further talks about the entrepreneurs who had come from poor or middle class families and have made it big.  A good  urlLink article  that can make an interesting case study as well as food for thought.Blogdex    urlLink Blogdex  is a research project of the MIT Media Laboratory tracking the diffusion of information through the weblog community. Ideas can have very similar properties to a disease, spreading through the population like wildfire. The goal of Blogdex is to explore what it is about information, people, and their relationships that allows for this contagious media.  Blogdex crawls all of the weblogs in its database every time they are updated and collects the links that have been made since the last time it was updated. The system then looks across all weblogs and generates a list of fastest spreading ideas. This is the list shown on the front page. For each of these links, further detail is provided as to where the link was found, and at what time.  A very interesting project and an equally interesting site.McDonalds Experiments with Kiosk Technology    urlLink MSNBC  reports that McDonald's has, in some stores on an experimental phase, eliminated the middle man standing between the fast food lover and his burger, with an advanced test of technology that promises to shorten lines and give consumers more control over ordering. McDonald's, which only recently admitted its service problems and vowed to fix them, is ironing the kinks out of technology some believe will transform fast food the way similar systems have revolutionized bank transactions and airport check-ins.  Each kiosk allows a customer to place an order directly with the kitchen, using a touch screen with pictures of food, English or Spanish text and verbal prompts.  McDonald's is not worried about the loss of the personal touch; it hasn't reduced the number of employees in their stores, but just reassigned them to other tasks such as delivering food. And they are trained to assist if someone struggles with the technology.  Customers like visiting the McDonald's more often now because they don't like to stand in lines and they are not supposed to be doing that anymore.India Shining   News that made headlines in Indian Internet Business:  Monster.com buys Jobsahead.com  urlLink Read Here   Ebay buys Bazee.com  urlLink Read Here   Rediff.com announces 1 Gb free email service  urlLink Read HereMass Markets - Do they still exist?    urlLink BusinessWeek  reports that now are the days of micro-marketing, and so is the world. Gone are the days, when a single TV serial (the most common mass caputre tool) had a mass market audience which translated into huge profits. But now, the almost-universal audience assembled long ago by network television and augmented by the other mass media is fragmenting at an accelerating rate. The mass media's decline is an old story in many respects; prime-time network ratings and newspaper circulation have been sliding since the 1970s. What's new is that the proliferation of digital and wireless communication channels is spreading the mass audience of yore ever-thinner across hundreds of narrowcast cable-TV and radio channels, thousands of specialized magazines, and millions of computer terminals, video-game consoles, personal digital assistants, and cell-phone screens.  For marketers, the evolution from mass to micromarketing is a fundamental change driven as much by necessity as opportunity. America today is a far more diverse and commercially self-indulgent society than it was in the heyday of the mass market. The country has atomized into countless market segments defined not only by demography, but by increasingly nuanced and insistent product preferences. "All the research we're doing tells us that the driver of demand going forward is all about products that are 'right for me,"' says David Martin, president of Interbrand Corp. "And that's ultimately about offering a degree of customization for all."  In the competition for ad dollars, the new digital media -- especially the Internet -- are blessed by two intrinsic advantages over mass media. First, they are interactive. This capability enables marketers to gather reams of invaluable personal information directly from customers and adjust their sales pitch accordingly, in some cases in real time. Second, in part because digital media are interactive they permit a fuller and more precise measuring of advertising's impact. "Advertisers want to exactly know what they are paying for and what they are getting for it, and you really get metrics on the Web," says David Verklin, CEO of Carat North America, a media-buying agency. "Clients really believe in the Web now."
new file
1/03 DrKioni.com Awarded ByRegion.net Healers Best of Websites Award DrKioni Live Internet Radio can now heard on AuctionWitch.com.  2/03 Announcing strategic web partnership with AuctionWitch.com.  2/03 Site Popularity: Metaphysical Link Directory 1383 distinct links, MSN 143 Links,  Site Popularity: AllTheWeb 148 Links, Alexa 76 Links. Google 166 Links, AltaVista 117 Links  Site Popularity: Yahoo 166 Links, Lycos 97 Links, Teoma, 71 Links, Ask Jeeves 80 Links,  Site Popularity: Google/AOL 166 Links, HotBot/Inktomi 142 Links, Excite 30 Links, i won Search 166 Links.  September 2002 Dr. Kioni celebrates 10th Anniversary online!  September Geo Listener Stats: 483 people tune to Internet Radio for a total of 408 hours!  August Geo Listener Stats: 303 people tune to Internet Radio for a total of 114 hours!  September 2002 Life Success Empowerment Internet Radio goes live!  DrKioni.com averages 3528 hits per day! July 2002 Statistics.  August 2002 Website redesigned - added separate products and services page.  August 2002 DrKioni.com offers site visitors discount telecom services through Cognigen; A leading global provider of discount telecom services.  June 2002 DrKioni.com Internet Radio premiers. Powered by Live365.  May 2002 World's Largest Metaphysical Link Directory added!  2002 Adds Personal Development giants Nightingale.com and mp3Motivators.com.  Jul 1999 Publishes the online eZine Esoteric Prosperity ISSN: 1528-7874. Awarded Topica's Pick for Valuable Content.  Oct 1998 DrKioni.com evolves online as a theme oriented virtual ecommerce website first began as the Exalted Living Institute.  1998 Becomes a member of Commission Junction. Begins marketing affiliate sites online.  1996 Began marketing telecommunications products and services online.  1992 The beginning - Owner and Sysop of Computer Bulletin Board. Service (BBS).WDRKLOVE Positive Vibes - DrKioni.com Web Station  904 Total Listening Hours in the last 30 days.   Countries tuning in to WDRKLOVE Positive Vibes: United States, Portugal, Japan, El Salvador,  Ukraine, United Kingdom, Switzerland, Hong Kong,    Israel, Belgium, Canada, Mexico, Brazil, France, Germany, Singapore, Chile, Australia, Korea Republic of, Thailand, Hungary, New Zealand, Norway, Indonesia, Yugoslavia, Netherlands, Spain,  Denmark,   Austria, Sweden, People's Republic China, Bahamas.Some html and java script code modifications, mostly for asthetics and faster loading pages.  Added digital prayer wheel from http://www.dharma-haven.org/.  Added link to http://www.auctionwitch.com/shoppes/Raven/ for DrKioni.com Logo design. Thanks Raven! Added Psychic Rx banner to index page for greater visibility.  Also tweaking keywords for higher search engine placement.  DrKioni.com now places #2 in the Google Directory  under the keywords Spiritual Advice.In Feb. 2003 a query of search engines reported 1568 Links to DrKioni.com from websites on the WWW. The report is as follows:  Site Popularity: AllTheWeb 148 Links, Alexa 76 Links. Google 166 Links, AltaVista 117 Links  Site Popularity: Yahoo 166 Links, Lycos 97 Links, Teoma, 71 Links, Ask Jeeves 80 Links, MSN 143 Links Site Popularity: Google/AOL 166 Links, HotBot/Inktomi 142 Links, Excite 30 Links, i won Search 166 LinksDrKioni.com is proud to choose Blogger Pro for site news, updates and press releases. Check back often.From: Dr. Kioni  Re: WDRKLOVE POSITIVE VIBES WEBCAST OUTAGE  Date: 07/18/03  You may have noticed I was having technical difficulties with the Positive Vibes Webcast yesterday. The cable company said the problem was on their side and it was repaired in a short period of time.  Nevertheless, the live Webcast was spotty at best and the outage occurred when a lot of you were listening. I sure hope you didnt mind listening to the Best of Positive Vibes earlier than scheduled.  On the upside, I am now keeping the live stream online until 11pm EST weekdays.  The evening Webcast of Positive Vibes will feature music only  no success talk, nor public service announcements.   mp3motivator Nightingale-Conant Personal Development http://drkioni.com/products.htmlThe following Affiliate Merchants offer great products and services on DrKioni.com. See individual Merchant's sites for content and economical bargains! Your satisfaction guaranteed - read individual website Secure Shopper Guarantees and Return Policies.   Nightingale-Conant Personal Development Henry and June Sexy Lingerie Gift Tree eHarmony mp3motivators Keen Tarot by Saskia AzureGreen Dr. Kioni's Online Health Rx - Vstore.comDrKioni.com is now an official eHarmony Affiliate and will offer Free Personality Profiles and memberships.   eHarmony utilizes intelligent matching for compatible singles.  Free Personality Profile ($40 value) offered with registration! Take the eHarmony tour and fall in love for all the right reasons.  2 thumbs up review by Dr. Kioni!DrKioni.com Logo by Raven's Graphics Web Shoppe - See Ravens Banner under Web Master Resources  urlLink   at DrKioni.com.  Digital Prayer Wheel provided by Dharma- Haven.org urlLink    Thank you for your contribution to DrKioni.com!  SLH, Dr. KioniPress Release August 17, 2003   Dr. Kioni announces a new plugin Community Forum powered by Every1.net has been added to DrKioni.com. Exciting , fresh content awaits each day as hundreds of people share online interest in Community Forums.   urlLink DrKioni.com News UpdatesDr. Kioni joins the Ryze Business Network and also announces affiliate associations with ELOAN, Cheapairlines.com, AstroStore, Catalog City and Chopra Center Essentials as Commission Junction Affiliate Merchants. DrKioni.com continues to add quality internet products and services for your secure online shopping experience.    urlLink DrKioni.com Galleria Mall, catalogs and search engine shopping. Toscano, Bombay. shop malls onlineELOAN, Inc. Nasdaq Symbol EELN, a leading online lending company with over $13 billion in consumer loans has approved DrKioni.com as an Affiliate Merchant website. ELOAN offers a variety of financial packages for Home, Auto, and Refinance Loans.   Also joining DrKioni.com is the Chopra Center Essentials featuring the products and services of the reknown Dr. Deepak Chopra.     urlLink DrKioni.com News UpdatesJava Script errors prohibited the site from loading over the past week and a half for some visitors. Please accept my apologies for the inconvenience. Thank you.  Dr. Kioni    urlLink DrKioni.com Live Advice, Spiritual Advice, Internet Radio, Metaphysical Links & Online ShoppingurlLink WDRKLOVE Positive Vibes Internet Radio, New Age, Smooth Jazz, Rhythm & Success Talk http://DrKioni.com    The Positive Vibes webcast appeared to be offline a lot last week overnight due to my broadcast server malfunctioning. Live365 engineers have cleared the  problem and normal programming is resumed.  Thank you for understanding and being loyal listeners.  Dr. KioniGreeting Card interface back up.   urlLink DrKioni.com News UpdatesWebsite has undergone an entire renovation.  Users and Visitors will notice new template interface. Navigation buttons are consistent throughout the site and always located on the left side of the page. Positive Vibes listening button is now  available on all pages. The Google search engine p   urlLink Dr. Kioni Conscious Creation Coach. Advisor, Live AdviceurlLink DrKioni.com News UpdatesDrKioni.com began hosting the TVRadio Network today. The TVRadio Network is a rapidly growing FREE TV/Radio Guide, that offers access to over 1000's of ONLINE television and radio stations worldwide.   Services include: all stations organized by both LOCATION and CATEGORY, plus a full station database search option. REAL PLAYER and WINDOWS MP options. (when available).  Other user features include a Plug-ins Center, "Favorites" options, "Send Station to a Friend", and much more...  http://drkioni.com/media.htmlurlLink DrKioni.com WDRK-LOVE Internet Radio - TVRadio Network - Smooth Jazz, Cool Jazz, Streaming Audio - Live Audio   The Internet radio station  WDRK-Love  and the popular program  Positive Vibes  is back on the air! Anyone can listen 24/7 by visiting DrKioni.com and clicking on the gold speaker icon located on every page or the Internet Radio tab on the main menus. Keep in mind that  the FREE stream is limited to only to 20 listeners .  However if having a choice of the best stations on AudioRealm appeals to you, then  listen to WDRK-Love's high quality digital stream on the AudioRealm Network where the stream is never full!  Only $4.99 per month or $49.90 per year (get two months FREE!)  urlLink FREE 7-day trial (No credit card required)Streaming Audio - Live AudioLuckymojo.com and DrKioni.com are proud to present the Luckymojo Hoodoo Rootwork Hour. Every Wed evening at 10PM Eastern Time, participants in the Hoodoo Rootwork Course come together on a conference line to discuss hoodoo (African American Herbal Magic - Conjure with Cat Yronwode from Luckymojo.com and Dr. Kioni from DrKioni.com. The Luckymojo Hoodoo Rootwork hour also features old time hoodoo blues and luminaries from the hoodoo and metaphysical community. The show can be heard live on WDRK-Love via DrKioni.com.Added: Hoodoo Rootwork Forum Added: Hoodoo Rootwork Photo Album Added: Personal Weblog Added: Hoodoo Rootwork Annoucements and Events Calendar Added: I Am Success Email Links to above pages
new file
Friday    My dear wife was walking on her graduation day! Although the dude did not pronounce her name correctly, she managed to shake the older dude's hand and then raised her arms to show victory to her parents sitting among the crowd! As you know, no other students would even dare to do that. The would only bow to the guests and that's it! Yes, my wife is always full of life and joy. It was the day that marked another beginning of her life: a professional life as an Urban Designer! I recalled the day when she first came to NUS when we were living at the HDB flat. It was a bit hard for her to adjust to life in Singapore as compared to Hawaii, but after we managed to  urlLink get a place for ourselves  her energy skyrocketed. It's amazing how much she has improved in her professionalism. ConGRADUATION to you, dear MicroWife!   PS: The commencement ceremony at NUS did not seem sacred. In fact, it looked very mechanical and different from most ceremonies. Rani's dad was annoyed when he heard Majulah Singapura only played halfway! He said, "It was a big day for students, why not just play it until it finished, rather than sampling it?"      Saturday    We took a bus trip to Melaka with  urlLink Hasry Delima Express Bus  from Lavender-Kallang intersection. It costs SGD11 one way per head, relatively cheap knowing that it will take us halfway between Singapore and Kuala Lumpur. We arrived at 13:00 at the Melaka bus terminal and hired a taxi for RM10 to take us to  urlLink Baba House on Tun Tan Cheng Lock Street . Baba House is a historical shop house with 60 rooms inside a 200-year old structure. We managed to get one deluxe room for Rani's parents and one standard room for us lovebirds. I really have so much to say about Melaka so why don't you just  urlLink click here  or  urlLink here  to get a gist of it!    There will always be festival market going on Jalan Hang Jebat on Friday, Saturday and Sunday nights. You could get putu, grilled dried sotong, sugar cane juice, at half the cost you would have to pay in Singapore (while the taste quality will be doubled on every food you eat here!).       Sunday    We woke up around 0800 and ate breakfast at the Baba House hotel, free breakfast if you danced Macarena just before you checked-in. After we checked-out, we took a river boat tour (private boat tour, that is, at RM 50 for one hour!). Oh, you gotta see it to believe it! The government of Melaka has done an excellent job revitalizing the riverfront as well as the preservation of the key landmarks. After boat tour, we hired a taxi to eat at  urlLink Bibik Neo , an original peranakan restaurant with an excellent array of "asam pedas". Make sure you come here and order the kangkong belacan as well as three orders to Kerapu Asam Pedas. It ended up only costing us less than RM9 per person for such a friendly service. Oh by the way, we asked the Indian taxi driver to eat with us but he was full already and sat down to watch us eat the delicacies while having a modest lime juice.   We then took Metrobus Ekspres bus to Kuala Lumpur, leaving at 1230 and arriving at Hentian Pudu around 1600 (the last 1/2 kilometer took us about 30 minutes to finish because the parking arrangement inside the basement was awkward, not allowing our 45 seater bus to zip in through quickly!). We then took a taxi for RM20 (what a rip off!) to get to KLCC where Danny and Sisca Tobing had been waiting for us the outdoor terrace of Dome cafe. For your information, Danny and Sisca just got married in May 2003 and now Sisca is 2 month pregnant. I have known Sisca for over 15 years - went to the same middle and high schools). Danny was a charter pilot who took over a business from his father dealing in marine and offshore drilling services. They both just moved to KL from Indonesia/Singapore and have loved every minute of it! Rani and I felt that they made an excellent choice of making a nice home in Ampang, on top a hill overlooking the Petronas tower from about 5 km away.I had lunch with Azlin in NUS Arts Canteen. As usual, I was having Japanese Salmon Teriyaki. I personally think that the Japanese Food Stall is the best in NUS! Azlin gave me a pack of  urlLink Aroma Coffee  that Henry brought from Bandung. This is a very unique coffee that is stored and aged for 8 years to eliminate the acidity and increase the robustness / body. Even now, Mr. Widya is still using firewood to roast the coffee for two hours to full perfection, without any additive or chemicals. We gave some sampler to our neighbours. Even Mike Willie who has espresso machine complimented this Coffee. I think Kopi Aroma is the best coffee in the world!  I also met with Prima after lunch and we ended up having some coffee with JW in Engineering Canteen.   Later in the evening, while Mas Indi was having dinner with Minister Jayakumar, Minister Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono and the whole US-Asean guys in Shangri-La Hotel, I was struggling in CASA Lab in NUS trying to make ArcGIS Editing works without crashing. On the other corner Simon was playing WarCraft in his SGI Computer!To answer Fay's question:   "And Rani, your sudden craving for nJ ice cream kebetulan ke or because you baru baca pasal BnJ on my website? Hehe. Hope to see you guys next week. :)"   No, Fay, I did not tell Mas Indi about my desire for Ice Cream. In fact, I was expecting Movenpick! Somehow miracle does happen. After we chatted about BnJ, Mas Indi later came home bringing a pint of Cherry Garcia without me asking for it. And by now one pint has already run thin.  This morning, while Mas Indi was doing putting and driving in Raffles Country Club with the big bosses, I was having breakfast with my former boss (my present foster dad),  urlLink Mr. Jeremy Wagstaff  in Borders Bistro Orchard Road. He was bragging about his new Palm Tungsten with bright screen nice resolution and all wi-fi capability (which he could not manage to make it work in Borders Bistro). I also introduce myself to  urlLink Ms. Sari Sudarsono , a very kind petite young lady who works for LA Times Indonesia. I ended up buying books on learning chinese characters and chinese dictionary with hanyu pinyin.Yesterday night Mas Indi brought me one pint of  urlLink Ben and Jerrys Ice Cream Cherry Garcia ! He just knows what and when to give pleasant surprise for me. I think Ben and Jerrys have a bolder taste, a funkier type of ice cream, whereas  urlLink Movenpick ice cream  (my favorite is Maple Walnut) has a smoother taste, a classier type.   urlLink Indonesia is mentioned in Ben and Jerry's website . Is this an example of fair trade? Do the vanilla farmers in Indonesia receive appropriate reward?  This morning I accompanied Mas Indi practicing golf in  urlLink Temasek Club  driving range. Too bad he just realized now how comfortable it is to practice near our house. Now it is too late because the driving range is going to be demolished pretty soon to build a new road connecting Queensway to AYE, right in front of our estate.  After breakfast we went to Shangri-La hotel and met up with Fanny Bahar and David Hutagalung.  Askar and I continued to walk to Plaza Singapore to get Pizza for brunch. I have been longing for pizza for quite a long time. The Pizza at Pasta Mania has great cheese and seafood topping but I dont like the crust. I think the crust is too crispy like crackers. I dont like  urlLink Pizza Hut  crust either, because it is too bread like. I prefer the pizza crust in  urlLink Papa Johns ,  urlLink California Pizza Kitchen , or  urlLink Dominos  which has rubbery crust and tasty.  We continued to walk to  urlLink Sonata Dance Supplies  where I inquired about the price of ballet equipment. I would need to spend at least $80 to buy those equipments. Then we went to Times bookshop where I bought  urlLink Stupid White Men  by Michael Moore and  urlLink Why Do People Hate America  by Sardar and Davies.  Then I went to Specialist Shopping Center to find out the cost for Adult Ballet class, which turned out to be cheaper then YMCA. I think I will enroll to this class in August. Having class once a week will be enough.  I went home after that and Askar followed to Hang Jebat to seek shelter from the rain. I ended up cooking chicken porridge for him.As mentioned right below, we want to accompany Karyn to fulfill her desire of Thai Food at  urlLink Lotus Thai Restaurant  which we consider the best Thai restaurant in Singapore. It is located in Tanjong Pagar Murray Terrace and has the authentic Thai taste and great spiciness. The Sea Food Tom Yam is to die for. We also recommend the Lemongrass Salad and Mango Salad. Chicken With Basil and Pad Thai are also our favorites. Don't forget to order Sweet Tapioca for dessert!Yesterday Uman showed me the website of his son,  urlLink Aidan Prasojo , who was born June 10th, 2003.  The name Aidan originated from Celtic word which means  the little fire that gives warmth to the family . Such a beautiful name! Indi and I will consider that name for our future son.   We have several other choices for names. For girls:  Lalita  (to be natural),  Lani  (Hawaiian -  the sky or heaven),  Aina  (Hawaiian - the earth or motherland),  Moana  (Hawaiian). For boys:  Kamma  (as in Kamma Sutra),  Neruda  (from the Poet in the movie Il Postino),  Keoni  (Hawaiian),  Vidhya  (Indian of Widya). Any suggestion for other names, please do not hesitate to post us some advice by  urlLink writing in our guestbook .  It is nice to know that we have such a great neighbour! I bumped into Karyn this morning (and Sacha the dog!) and she complimented my mutton tongseng curry! We will arrange a cookout sometime this week to cook mutton tongseng, spinach masala, and chapatti in my place. Karyn as a pregnant lady desires to go to Lotus Thai restaurant next week. I think Indi and I should take care of it.  I had lunch in NUS Engineering Canteen with  urlLink Simon Zhuang , Freddy, and  urlLink Antonio Ismael  who happened to be in Singapore all the way from Bali. Too bad JW couldn't join us. We had a great discussion on Architecture for the Poor. We hope we all can develop some kind of cooperation in the future for the sake of Indonesian urban poors. Now, I am going to cook Spinach Masala with Brown Rice for dinner. Mas Indi is working overtime tonight for  urlLink US-ASEAN Busines Council  Board Meeting and I want to surprise him with masala.Rani has been feeling very guilty for the past several days after watching Japan Hour on ChannelNews Asia: re: SUSHI. Last night in the quiet moment just before we fell asleep she suddenly woke up and said, "Doggone it! I should have dipped the fish topping first into the soy souce! Head first!". I was surprised by her attention to details especially in dealing with delicacies. PS: For those of you who'd seen her eat Sushi would know that she'll chow down on the fish first!We all received an email from Yodhi, marking the beginning of his adventure in the youngest country in the world, Timor Leste. Here's what he wrote:   Halo semua, Saya sudah tiba di Dili, Timor Leste, jam 12 WIT dg selamat. Trus langsung kerja setengah hari. Sementara (2-3 hari) menginap di kamar no. XX di Hotel Turismo (hotel antik & "rustic" gaya Portugal) yg menghadap laut biru bersih di  pantai pesisir utara dekat rumah Uskup Belo (Av dos Direitos Humanos, Lecidere, Dili). Yg paling asik, sempat mampir Taman Makam Santa Cruz. FYI Hotel Turismo Telpon: +670 390 323 180 dag, Yodhimasindi tes..This all happened on Sunday 3 August 2003   Our highly nutty and extremely amateur groovy music group just got a quasi-funky name. After contemplating all morning when I stunk up the toilet and meandering around the house driving Rani's lovely cousins (Nana and Ria) confused during their 4-day long visit, I chose to name our group as "Kelompok KARIB Gembira"; well, take it or leave it, we don't have much ideas other than utilizing the spirit our Indonesian bureaucratic abbreviation euphoria and that's how the name came into existence. The name makes a good sense because we have Jeng Kiki on saxophone, Askar on vocal, Rani on piano, me on conga/trumpet and Budiman on djembe. During the audition session at Indonesian Embassy for a  urlLink Panggung Gembira in Singapore , we managed to "express" our apparent "spontaneity" to a board of jury, mainly comprised of NTU and NUS students who are highly capable of organizing this marvelous event. Our composition is based on a common people's music, a famous latin American song titled Moliendo Cafe (also became famous in Indonesia as Kopi Dangdut) and we created this musical performance with a nice blend of salsa/mambo rhythm transitioning into semi-dangdut ambiance. The music began with a potent "call of the hand-drums" followed by a solid foundation on salsa/mambo rhythm based on sax and piano harmony with hand-drums in the background, which then opened up a new aura with a tacet by Askar's tenor voice driving encompassing his love of the latin and dangdut grooves. In the middle we inserted a solo drumming by Budiman on djembe followed by a crisp and quick harmony of sax and trumpet (it was a hard transition from slapping the skin to kissing the mouthpiece with an embouchre). If you were there, you would have danced just like those girls in jilbab/hijab who suddenly became crazy of Askar's Sundanese-Latino charm. Kiki, as usual, was very calm and  capable of delivering such a rich and melodious output on her Selmer sax! Honestly, not only did we smoke it big time but we also made the jury believe that we should be givent he best points among other groups of highly capable Indonesian musicians in town. Without further ado, let me present "Kelompok KARIB Gembira"on 9 September 2003 at Victoria Theatre!  urlLink See you there  !Happy Lebaran to everybody!  Bapak and Ibu Hindro came to visit us to celebrate hari raya.  Yesterday we took them to Geylang Night Market along with Askar. We had Otak Otak, Pulot Bakar (a kind of Lemper with shrimp filling), Dendeng, Chicken Shawarma (a really good one), Peanut cake (but I like better Cheese-Chocolate Martabak Manis from Bandung), Halal lasagna, and of course TURKISH ICE CREAM! It was totally crowded there, and it was difficult to move around! People spilled over to the road. We met Dewi and Yusoff who were used to be in Bumi Band. I have never seen them in Traditional Malay attire before. They mentioned to us that they were no longer in Bumi Band.  As for today, friends kept coming to our place to greet and celebrate Lebaran. Mak Tuti prepared chicken opor and meatball sambal, accompanied with beef-lung rendang that she brought from Padang. As dessert, we all shared big basket of Sumatran Durian which was brought from the forest in Anai Valley.  We played music all day long and jamming, and we never stop eating. Daniel brought his guitar and played everything from jazz to blues. Kiki joined the jam session with her saxophone, while Ramses watched her in admiration. Adi could not stop singing. Later, Leonard joined and hit the piano playing blues and jazz. Geraldine helped Adi sang Chinese songs. Later that day, Askar and Feca also visited us and helped us finish the meal.  BTW have you checked out our new personal name card? We made one using a hand-carved chinese seal of our family name as the logo, made in Melaka during our last trip with Kiki, Dimas and Yati. here it is!Mas Indi and I, along with Dimas, Adi, Jay broke the fast in Geylang Night Market at S-11 Food Court. I had Nasi Goreng Ikan Asin with Baby Sotong Asam Manis. Later we regretted having dinner, because we found a wide variety of foodstalls along the way to Joo Chiat.  We closed our trip with a big scoop of  urlLink Turkish Ice Cream , vanilla and chocolate flavour, made from goat milk and all natural ingredients. The ice cream has a very unique sticky texture and does not have aftertaste like other ice creams with preservatives.  I was so happy to find Fresh Melinjo in  urlLink Geylang Serai Night Market , now that I will be able to cook real Sayur Asam with Melinjo. I was surprised that they also sell Fresh Jengkol, but I wouldnt buy it! I don't want my husband to avoid me if I have bad "Jengkol" breath. Mas Indi is not a kind of guy who likes smelly food. He does not even like durian! That is why I haven't eaten Durian ever since I got married :>  On our way home in MRT, we met Andi and Fahmi, our two architect friends.  Yesterday Mas Indi and I had dinner with Leonard and Melissa in our favorite restaurant:  urlLink Lotus Thai . We had a great discussion about things, from volunteerism to Melissa's initiative in countering child trafficking and to work on Palestinian-Israeli peace workshop simulation. It intrigued us to start to get ourselves involved in NGO activities in Singapore. I have never known any NGO in Singapore that deals with developing countries, which is one of my main interest, until now I know what  urlLink UNIFEM  does.  Leonard parked his car right in front of the Himalayan restaurant. On our way home, the chef of Himalaya persuaded us to visit his restaurant. I asked him if he cooks things with saffron, and I particularly was interested in Saffron Ice Cream. He then offered me to make a special Saffron Ice Cream if I come and eat at his restaurant. He gave me his phone number so that I could call him before coming to his restaurant and he would make sure that my order would be ready. How sweet! The menu looked good too. We plan to try Himalaya North Indian and Nepali restaurant next time!yep yep yep we have been absent from blognews since AUGUST! man, it has been 4 months since the last time we've updated this page!  A lot of things has been going on in four months!  ---  1. Rani got a new job at  urlLink JTC Corporation   urlLink one-north  department.  2. We and KARIB Gembira (Happy Friendship) performed successfully in  urlLink Indonesia Arts Festival  in Victoria Theater in front of 1000 people.  3. We, Kiki, Dimas and Yati went to Malacca for Deepavali Holiday and we indulged ourselves with peranakan food just before Ramadan Month started. You can see Malacca  urlLink our photo album here !  4. Our dearest friend Micky Goh passed away last month :  ---  Today we went for audition for Detrash event in orchard for next month. After practising for only one night, we finally settled with two songs: - A Waltz-Bossa Overjoyed - An A-Capella  urlLink Soleram (DOWNLOADABLE!)  and Kroncong Kemayoran We think it's more important that we are having fun while singing these songs, with whatever audition result comes out later!  Wish us luck!Okay okay, we have been so busy and unable to update this news.  First, we will be performing in orchard, again, this wednesday. Here's the flyer            Last sunday's performance hasn't been so successful, partly because of the rain. We sincerely hope that this week performance will be better than before.  This morning Mas Indi saved a snail from the pathway and into the grass, to prevent the snail being stepped on to his death. I was touched by his simple yet cute action!I meant to show you the Stone Seal which we got from Malaka. Here it is:   It writes: su ma quan, a transliteration of our family name Soemardjan, and it means "A Powerful Horse". It took the carver one hour to get to the appropriate chinese characters.  We both have been addicted to  urlLink fotografer.net  lately. It is a website where we can upload our photographic works and have other members comment on it. Please check out  urlLink Indi's fotografer gallery  and  urlLink Rani's fotografer gallery .This is Rani speaking. I really love and appreciate the time staying at home and being together with my husband. We just stayed at home for two straight days during chinese new year. Partly because of the rain, partly because we want to do our spring cleaning, and partly because we want to finish up our DVD collection (including all the special features). Time seemed to stop moving, it is really cool to be able to detach ourselves from the fast-life in Singapore.   We went to visit Mike and Karyn Willie who were supposed to have their daughter born on that day. We haven't seen them for a long time because we were really busy! I wish I have more spare time to visit our close friends and pay more attention to them.  We went to Jaggi's on Saturday, our favorite Indian Restaurant. I had the best and the freshest Gulab Jamun I've ever had!  On Sunday we met Aaron on the bus stop, when we were coming home from Tanglin Halt Market. We were thinking of having a trip to Vietnam together, to get ourselves exposed to Vietnamese people and culture, and to take pictures of the people!Today I felt that Indi and I can use a new nickname "The Most Misunderstood Couple".. Why? Because I observe that both of us had experienced many times being misunderstood by people. For example, people think I am arrogant, whereas in reality I am shy and timid!  As for Indi, he is the man with sincere curiousity and is inquisitive in nature. He loves to question things and never take things for granted. But people misunderstood him as somebody who craves attention, because he ask a lot of questions!   Perhaps here's where the cultural clash came about. Having lived in the US for a long time made him a man who is not afraid to ask questions. I guess Indonesians find this really weird and in many cases, feel offended. To be honest I feel angry at the people who misunderstand Indi. But I'd rather put my energy into somewhere more fruitful rather than channeling my anger.   Anyway, we take it as a lesson to be more careful in communicating our ideas. But we will never let other people judge us! :>Yodhi told me that I was on TV, RCTI News to be exact, when they were covering Inul's concert in Singapore! Viva Inul!Today... hmm what did we do today? Oh yes, at  9:00am we went to have fish congee and cakwe for breakfast at Alexandra Village and then went to get economy haircuts for only 10 SGD per head at  urlLink QB  inside IKEA building. We walked back home soon after and I did my weekly chores: Ironing our work clothes, while Rani worked on her application for UK Urban Design Scholarship that she's been wanting to submit.  Later in the afternoon at 3:00pm we went to my colleague Fauzia's party to celebrate her sister's 60th birthday. Her sister, Sharifah Noor, is now a resident of Den Haag and works for the UN International Crime Court (?). It was kinda big family reunion for them and we were very privileged to be a part of them. After all, Fauzia is a great person to work with and she does have a heart of gold. She is like family to us!  She lives in the Marine Parade town area where PM Goh Chok Tong's political strength is based out of. The area is just so lively and you could find every single detail virtually spotless.  At 6:00pm we left the party and walked toward  urlLink Marine Parade Community Centre  and guess who we saw at the lobby surrounded by hysterical folks? INUL DARATISTA! :) Yes sireee.... Inul had just had a small concert with about 700 people and it was indeed her first time shaking her bon-bon in Temasek. Rani soon handed her camera to me and started getting closer to Inul. Inul was indeed very radiant in her red tight outfit showing her typical energetic gestures. After the public photo sessions, Inul was escorted to the van and was surprised to see a young woman already waiting for her in the van. She was crying and begging to come with Inul in the van but the bodyguards wasn't able to persuade her to come out of the van until Inul approached her and gave her a hug. The young woman was crying and Inul comforted her like a mother to a child. Inul really knows how to show her love to all. She has been mystified as a Hero in the eyes of every young woman in Indonesia. Inul symbolizes success and pure modesty in every way (although her outfit does not always seem to say so). It was a heart-breaking moment to witness it as Rani kept telling me to take journalistic photographs of them but I was just unable to do so. I just snapped the camera but my mind just couldn't capture that moment. It seemed so unreal that a person like Inul was so open and forgiving to that young woman. We thought she was perhaps a maid working in Singapore and if so, then she must have been the luckiest person among all fans to experience such a warm hug from the Heroine.  Enough said... here is Rani's picture with Inul and the heart-breaking moment with a fan:             Written by IndiVarious interesting psychological test you can find in   urlLink BBC - Science Human Body - Psychology Tests Website !! I just did "What Sex is Your Brain?" It says that my brain is a Male Brain... o my god!!My old monitor finally rested in peace and now I am using AOC, a Taiwan made, 17" CRT non-flat. The LCD ones are too narrow/thin for my big desk. It won't look good at all so I decided to stay with CRT technology instead.  My wife has kindly reminded me to write daily and I think this can be quite fun! See you tomorrow...Yesterday night we had a great big family dinner at  urlLink Jumbo Seafood Restaurant  in Riverside Point! Attendees are: Indradi Soemardjan and me, Gita Wirjawan, Yasmin Wiryawan, Gian Wirjawan, Bu Iik, Pak Maman, Mbak Yuni and Mas Ricky, Prita Delia, and My Mum. we had Chili Crab and Black Pepper Crab!After being resigtered in Friendster.com for quite some time I finally managed to have 60 names on my list of friends. If you are a member of Friendster.com and view it, you can click  urlLink Friendster - Indi's Friends . Alternatively, you may also ask me to invite you to be my friend.   My wife is coaching me on blogging although I think I am already an expert on snogging.Last saturday (31 January) we held a lunch gathering at home inviting the members of fotografer.net Singapore Chapter. Full coverage can be found  urlLink here  (in indonesian language). We made Tongseng (Javanese Mutton Curry) and Gado Gado (boiled vegetable salad with peanut sauce). Earlier that morning, I found a green caterpillar munching my lime tree away. Initially I wanted to just kill this little monster. But, the little animal was so cute, that all the photographers who came for the lunch started to take out their camera and tried to take macro shot of that poor little guy. At the end of the day, I decided to adopt this little caterpillar in order to save my lime tree, and fed the little guy with lime leaves from Pierre's lime tree.  At 6pm we all continued to walk through the abandoned HDB land to take the bus to orchard road. We intended to take pictures of  urlLink Chingay parade .  Indi and I arrived just before seven and found a nice spot in front of Mandarin hotel where we met Adi (he brought us a bottle of Bailey's from airport). It is a nice spot because our view was not blocked by the chair stage (those chair stages were intended for people who pay for the seat). We waited, and waited, and the parade which was supposed to start at 7pm did not start until 8pm. And later we found out that the parade participants were only performing in front of the chair stages! When the parade participants passed in front of us, they were only, well, walking by and waving at us. But they did not perform their full stunt for us. This is disappointing. As Masindi told me, even the parade in NYC does not treat non-paying-member-of-audience differently. I guess I wouldn't want to go to Chingay parade anymore. At 9pm we gave up and continued to take MRT to City Hall and had dinner with Adi's Sri Lankan friends in Chinese-Thai Restaurant at the Capitol Building.  In the morning, I checked out Cattie, our little caterpillar. She's so cute when she is eating, she eats the lime leaf just like eating pop corn. And after finishing one leaf, she took a break and poo. Her poo is in the shape of small balls with 1.5 milimeter diameter. I can't believe that this little thing manages to eat leaf that is about her body size.  On Sunday we invited some friends to enjoy Mutton Curry, Sambal Telur, and Salad. We plan to put the pictures and story here, but I haven't figured out where I should store the picture to link back to this blog. And it is late, we are going to sleep now. Tomorrow is not public holiday anymore (I wish it is still holiday!)Our third day started with a drive to Bukit Tinggi to do shopping! We went to Aisha Craft Shop near Pasar where the ladies were excited to buy traditional fabrics and some clothes. The owner, Tante Nacha, was really hospitable. She served us all her home made peanut cake and capuccino. Sure enough we ended up doing a massive shopping.  We continued to go to Pasar, where Ibu Wies went to buy Dadiah (traditional yogurt made from Ox Milk and stored in bamboo) and Ampyang (traditional cereal made from rice pounded flat). Mas Indi had a chance to tried Pisang Bakar (flatten roasted banana with sugar coated shredded coconut). On the way to the car, we visited General Election Committee Center to see the preparation for the upcoming election. People there seems to be very busy folding the gigantic ballot sheets.  We had lunch in Kedai Nasi Kapau recommended by Tante Nacha. She promise that she will pay the lunch if we were able to prove that the Nasi Kapau served there is not up to our taste. Well, it turned out to be really good that we did not mind paying the lunch ourselves. I personally enjoyed the Jengko Curry most.  We continued to drive northward to Harau Valley which is as beautiful as the Grand Canyon or the Yosemite Valley. Natural ponds were formed by the water streams that falls from the top of the valley. Here's one picture that we took in one of the ponds.         There is one spot in the valley which was called "Echo" where we can stand there and scream out and echo will be repeated on the other end of the valley.  We took a break in Echo Lodge located in between two high canyon. The scenery is simply amazing, and this lodge highly respects its environment. A lot of european artists rent a room there for few weeks simply to enjoy the scenery and to do their artistic works such as painting.The second day in Minang starts with a stroll along the Anai golf course, which is located in a very unique setting : in the middle of tropical jungle. The scenery was breathtaking - there are layers and layers of mountains and valleys! There are a lot of monkeys that will throw back the out-of-bound golf balls. Wild boars dig holes along the fairway to look for worm. The fairway constantly needs repair and maintenance due to wild boar attack. We end our walk with a great breakfast in the clubhouse: Fried Noodle, Noodle Soup, and the most delicious oxtail soup (needs a pinch more salt).  We drove northward to Paya Kumbuh to Minang Cultural Museum, which is a replica of traditional Minang Village with its traditional carving and grass covered roof. The museum had a great collection of old photos, in which we were able to find my Incik (great grandmother) and my Oma (grandma) when they were very young. The museum also rented out traditional minang dress which we can wear and take pictures with. Finally, under the pressure of Pak Hindro, Bu Tuti, and Bu Wies, Mas Indi and I rented traditional minang wedding dress. Since we have done our Javanese wedding rites, now is our chance to fulfil my Minang origin by wearing traditional Minang dress.         We then continued to Pak Datuk Restaurant where we had lunch and I had a great Jengkol Curry!  The lunch made all of us very sleepy and we slept in our car while the ladies (Bu Tuti, Bu Wies, and Tante Paula) went shopping and buying some Minang craftwork. We took a break in Novotel coffee shop and I had Kopi Talua, which is a glass of black coffee mixed with raw eggs. The result is like Capuccinno, with froth on top and creamy texture from the beaten egg. Too bad it was raining heavily and we could not make our way to Jam Gadang.We arrived in the land of Minangkabau this morning from Batam. The whole family picked us up from the airport and we drove 60km southward to get to Jembatan Akar. On the way we stopped at Restoran Keluarga and had a great Minang lunch. Fish Head Curry, and I managed to eat the curry fish eyeballs!  Jembatan Akar, as the name suggested, is basically a bridge made from the root of Banyan Tree. Two banyan trees are located across the river in front of each other, and a bridge is made by tying the root of those trees. After one-hundred years, the bridge become like this:         The river below the bridge is really clean and a lot of people swim there, jumping right from the bridge.  Later that night we arrived in the villa in Anai and had a great dinner of green duck curry. It's really spicy and I am sure the cook was using a dash of marijuana to make all of us addicted to the curry!Mas Indi, Leonard, and I had breakfast in Little India in a South Indian restaurant with Melissa Kwee. We were introduced to David Cohen, from  urlLink Berkeley War Crimes Studies Center  who is in charge for East Timor Human Rights tribunal. For this special breakfast occassion, Mas Indi specially put on his UN East Timor polo shirt :> We were all chatting about development problems in Indonesia and East Timor, on which Melissa is working with  urlLink UNIFEM Singapore .  Later I went out to work (yes indeed, on Sunday), settle some things for Charrette preparation. The project team had a meeting with the consultants in Alphabet Bar Amara Hotel (again, on Sunday).  That night, we were invited to have dinner and jam session in Gita's residence, with Bob James and his group! Harvey Mason was also there! Too bad, they were all too tired to play that night after dinner. Nevertheless, Bruno, Hari, Mario, and mas Gita showed up their skills, and Daniel joined them with his guitar.  This is my picture with Bob JamesRead  urlLink this article from TODAY .  Let me put it simply:  As women are forced now to assume "men's role" (working to earn money to provide livelihood of the family)  It is now time for men to be forced to assume "women's role" (to have a share in doing household / domestic work, and rearing the children)!  Simply, there should be equally distributed tasks, benefits, advantages and disadvantages for both men and women. Let men and women have equal share of salary distribution, leave, benefits, etc. There should be a level playing field between the two genders.Straits Times put on the headline of " urlLink Radical moves to help new mums - MARCH 3, 2004 ". My quick comment is that all the measures taken are all focused on woman as the only person who is responsible in making babies and taking care of them. No emphasis are given to push equal role between father and mother. The division of labor: men as sole breadwinner and women as "mothers" (in classical terms), is still there. The proposed policies are all focused on the women.  Perhaps those policies, (i.e. maternity leave) will aggravate the position of the potential mothers, in the sense that they will be less desired by the employers.  I personally think the policies are put on the wrong emphasis. As I have discussed with Pierre few days back, it is easy to encourage people to make more babies:    Emphasise on equal role between men and women. Men should be encouraged to take more role in child's upbringing. Let 'unusual situation' such as having the woman as breadwinner and stay-at-home husband be happened. The policies must be focused on the long-term effect, not just at 'maternity' portion.  Less working hours, for both men and women, to ensure more quality time with family. Europeans work for 36-40 hours per week, having saturday and sunday off.urlLink Muslim WakeUp! Main  seems to be an interesting site. I haven't had a chance to really read it, but it seems that it's a quite open-minded Islamic site, quite liberal. This is my first impression because there is an article in the website quoting Scott Siraj al-Haqq Kugle, who argues that Islam do not condemn homosexuality. I'll read more about this website later.Sudara2,  You are welcome to see these links below. We thought you might be interested to see our first photo studio session with our beloved Canon 300D (gotta have it!):      urlLink Mesra with our tools    urlLink Playing with feelings    urlLink Grooving    urlLink Playing each other's tool    urlLink Peeping    urlLink Blowing hard    urlLink Creating spatial depth     *Photographed by our dear friend  urlLink Judhi Prasetyo   Kepareng, IndRaniurlLink indrani-news   April 1, 2004 was the day when my microwife turned 26 years of age. And it was 5:30 in the morning when I woke her up asking for a glass of water. At first she grumbled at me for being too lazy to get it myself, but then when she opened our bedroom door there it was... a big brown box addressed to her. Her eyes were wide open and she was terribly curious what was inside the big brown box.  In no time, she was already ripping it out here and there. She saw the word Hohner somewhere inside the box and by then she knew it already that an Accordion was ready to be squeezed in the early waking hours.         Yes, siree... I managed to hide it from her for sometime and up until now I still refuse to tell her where and how I got it.  An immaculate marble red  urlLink  Hohner Bravo III  with 96 bass buttons made in Germany, just the way Rani likes it! :)             Treble: 37 keys, three sets of reeds  seven registers with two repeats  Tuning: Continental  Bass: 96 buttons, three registers  Colors: Black or Red Pearl  Weight: 19 lbs.  Size: 7.25 deep by 17.25 high  Keyboard: 17.5    What could be better than giving my dearest microwife with anything but a music instrument that will last a lifetime! Like I said to her.... "Squeeze a little more music into your life".... and that's a wrap.Hi. This is Rani working from Indi's computer at his office.  This weekend has been really exciting! My mom is here on a workshop with Ang Mo Kio hospital. The Tobings are also in Singapore, with the little Priscilla! We wanted to take them to Lotus Thai Restaurant, but it was closed on Saturday evening :  I can say that this is the best peranakan food I have ever tried in Singapore. But still, nothing can beat Peranakan Food in Malaka. I really enjoyed the cuttlefish in black sauce, I even drink away the sauce! I met the chef, and he told me the recipe, which is very easy to make:  First, marinade the cuttlefish pieces in tamarind liquid overnight. Do not throw away the ink sac. Then, saute the prepared cuttlefish with Kecap Manis, shredded lemongrass, and some salt. I think this is the right time to break the cuttlefish ink into the wok.  I will try this recipe sometime. The chef told me that he does not use onion or garlic. I am sure enough onion or garlic will make the cuttlefish taste even more fabulous!  After the Blue Ginger, we went to Tanjong Pagar Plaza and buy some fruits, and dried vegetable snack (which I don't really like, because it has lost the taste and texture). We continued to go to Katong Shopping Centre to look for speaker repairer. Guess what did we find at the basement of the shopping centre, a Ghostbuster offering his service! I didn't expect that this thing prevails in singapore, and even more so, Commercialised! I mean this guy locates himself inside a shopping mall!  We walked down to Katong Laksa 49, which is located side by side to Katong Laksa 328. Katong Laksa 49 is well reputed and even get covered by the New York Times! However, i was not really impressed by the taste. The flavour is uneven, and sometimes a bit bland.  We continued to Esplanade to borrow some DVD. We found Swinging Bach, which contains a major performance by Bobby McFerrin singing Bach pieces. He was really amazing, i guess the best vocalist of all time! In Esplanade we met Meng, our friend who we haven't seen for a quite a long time. She is 6 months pregnant, but she and her husband decided to live in the boat, even when the baby is born! what an exciting life, to live in the boat!  On Sunday morning we had Frog Porridge in ChinaTown with mas Gita and mbak Yasmin, along with Tompi and Harry, and also Gian who was having his fourth golf tournament with adults. The frog porridge was really tasty! But the service is bad, perhaps because we don't know how to communicate with them, because none of them speaks english. We then continue to drive down to East Coast, to Nico's studio. There, Mas Gita and Harry did jam session on acoustic piano and upright bass.  All afternoon my mom brought guests to our house and we spent the whole afternoon hosting the guests from South Sulawesi. Later in the evening we went to the concert in Botanical garden with Joyceline and her husband. We drove down using their new Land Rover, which is too clean as a four by four vehicle. We met Chris and Matt who are having their photographic exhibition on the Middle earth later this week.Tahukan kamu bahwa Askar di Jkt sempat lihat Rani sedang bincang2 dengan KD. Mungkin itu disorot kamera tivi pas Fay sedang interview KD. Mungkin Fay ada di tivi juga. Canggih!  urlLinkI met the friendly bus driver when I boarded 191 bus from CSC to Hang Jebat. Apparently he still remembers me as a frequent rider of his bus on my way home. He insisted that i need not pay for the bus fare! I'm touched by his friendliness, and we started to chat a bit!This weekend  urlLink Fay Mahdzan  come to Singapore to watch Krisdayanti's concert. The concert organizer offered Fay an opportunity for interview, and they would give free concert tix provided Fay publishes the interview in her website. Who would reject such a good offer! Indi and I decided to tag along and introduce ourselves as Fay's photographer. At the end, Fay, Santa, me and Indi got the chance to chat up close with Krisdayanti! The concert was fantastic, and I have to give my commendation to Erwin Gutawa's orchestra for the great music (despite the electricity glitches)!. See the photo below: Santa, Fay, KD, and me. Indi took the picture. I use this blog as a chance to try out the Photoblog service offered by  urlLink Hello   urlLinkIf I am undefined by the mainstream, then I have to set out to define myself, and present myself to existence.Lemme just quote a paragraph from  urlLink Absolut Badalu  on the place called home.   ,Indonesia isn't without flaws either. The endless problems with discriminations, pollutions, poverty, corruption, hipocrisy, political turmoil, education, etc. (still a long list to go). But what makes a difference is the people. They are so warm, welcoming, nice, friendly. The landscape is gorgeous. So many untouched beaches around. And I can do whatever I want. I can do more significant things. There is always a way to reach the comfort level if you fight hard (really hard, I mean!). Indonesia is considered "a developing country" (according to the western term) and it's growing. There are spaces for changes. I'd like to grow along with it. Europe is too established. No more real challenges to encounter.   I would like to agree with him on this one.Suatu hari, kita merasa sangat kepengen makan lidah asap.. Tapi, dimana bisa belinya sebab di singapur orang gak makan lidah?  Walhasil pergilah kita ke pasar Tekka yg terkenal cukup lengkap. Untungnya mereka di sana jual lidah tapi masih mentah! Nah gimana caranya supaya lidah itu dimasak jadi lidah asap? Yang jelas apartemen kita gak mungkin ada tempat untuk ngasepin lidah, atau tetangga nanti pada protes!  Jadi, ini yang kita kerjakan, gampang aja..  Bahan2: -Lidah (terserah berapa banyak) -Air secukupnya -Garam rada banyak -Gula utk ngimbangin garam -Merica yang banyak (kalau peppercorn lebih asoy lagi) -Rempah2 macam basil, oregano, thyme dan kawan2nya.. -Bawang putih secukupnya.. -Liquid Smoke (Hickory) Concentrate secukupnya, barang 3-5 sdm untuk aroma asap.. -Pressure cooker  Masukkan semua bahan2 ke pressure cooker dan masak di atas api sedang selama sejam atau lebih. Makin lama makin lembut lidahnya! Abis itu, keluarkan lidah dari cooker dan kupas kulit luar lidah. Buang kulitnya, terus potong2 tipis lidahnya. Simpan lidah bareng dengan air rebusannya selama semalam dua malam di lemari pendingin, terus tiriskan, dan bisa langsung digoreng pake blueband.. Untuk dimakan dengan roti atau nasi atau kentang, terserah!..  Air rebusannya bisa dipake untuk bikin sup.. Misalnya sup tomat atau sup buntut..!  Enjoy!After months of searching, we finally bought cow tongue. It is quite xpensive, but we managed to bargain with the seller, reducing the price from $18 to $15 perkilo. We'll cook cow tongue stew tonight, and we will invite Wicak to come & enjoy the delicacy!To continue with our previous posting of "mediocre service" in singapore, somehow this week we were all cursed with getting bad service all the time.  First, when we were having pizza hut in Jurong East. The waiter forgot to get his notebook to take down our orders, and even that, he still repeat our orders three times, and never get it completely right! Then when the meals came, he did not put it in front of us. He just put the food on the edge of the table and expceted us to pass on the plate to the right person. Then when we were running out of water, he did not immediately fill out our glass until we ask him to do so.  Second time, when we were having lunch in Cafe Galilee, Jurong East Regional Library. First, the food is expensive, relative to the quality and the quantity of the servings. Second, the service is damn slow. It is so slow, so that Indi decided to cancel his order. And the response of the waitress was, "Oh you can't cancel your order, we have made it, and it will be ready in no time. Please understand, we are having a lot of orders right now, that is why your thing takes a long time". Oh Cmon! if you can't handle the orders, don't set up a cafe! What a lame excuse for bad service..."having too many orders"??? Better close business!  And third, in a taxi. We were so tired working overtime, so we decided to take a cab home. When we arrived, we paid the fare accordingly. Few seconds later, we decided to ask for receipt. To our surprise, the cabbie started to grumble, "Next time, ha, when you want receipt you better say it quickly! I almost press the button to cancel your receipt, because you take so long to ask for it!" Wah, amazing isn't it? A provider of service who get angry and blamed the customer?  Hence me, being too tired, freaked out immediately. I blasted out at him, roughly like this, "Don't you talk like that to your customer! What is wrong with asking the receipt only later? What a bad service you are providing, you should never blame a customer, because customer is king!". Of course i added some swearwords to it too. But, i mean, what is so difficult of printing a receipt? Moreover, the problem is so trivial, that you would not need to be angry at your customer! What a pathetic service. I wished I took down the cab number so I can put it on the web for everyone to see.   What is wrong with people here, why is it so difficult to provide a good and courteous service? we are always amazed to find good service here, because it is a bit rare in here.Last weekend we experienced two contrasting treatments as customer.   The first instance is in Akashi Japanese Restaurant, Citylink Mall. It's an upper-middle-end type of restaurant ($20-40 perperson), so we kinda expect the service to be up to par, or to have Japanese kind of friendliness and politeness. To our surprise, the service turned out to be really crappy. All the girls who works there, seems to be very depressed with their job. They do not provide service with smile. Smile, is a basic thing that should absolutely be available in service industry. When we enter the door, they screamed some kind of Japanese word that I presume it means "welcome!". However, it was not done with any smile, friendly gesture, or eye contact. When we sat and start to flip through the menu, they were not responding well to questions we posed on the menu items. When the food were served they were rushing to put the trays on the table. They spilled the green tea on the floor and did not even apologize. We had to ask them to mop the floor, and when they do, they did not even ask for permission.  It is not that they are not doing their job, but it seems that they just want to get their job done and over as soon as possible. They don't have the sensitivity and friendliness towards their customer. For this kind of upper-end restaurant, I would expect the service to be more than fulfilling orders. However, we were disappointed to see that the service was... only mediocre. Even though the food served were high quality, we were not compelled to return to this place due to its bad service.  On the other hand, Maison de Fontaine was a reflection of excellent service. And it's more affordable compared to other French restaurant in Singapore! The food was excellent, I can say, it was work of arts. I was having pan-seared escalope of foie gras with tomato timbale, port wine, & balsamic reduction as entree, continued with grilled beef tenderloin (160y) with sauce bearnaise & pot gratin (which tastes great, but i am not really into the sauce bearnaise), and was closed with freshly baked apple tart with vanilla ice cream. Indi was having baked oysters w/ cheese (really tastes great!), whole spring chicken w/ madeira wine sauce (the chicken was amazingly lean, fat-free), and for dessert he was having creme brulle with berries. We came to the restaurant a bit late at night, and we stayed there until past the closing hour. Amazingly, the restaurant manager did not try to kick us out of the restaurant even though we stayed there until half an hour after the closing hour. The manager was really courteous. We are looking forward to having another great dinner there!My sister-in-law Siska wrote:   Isn't it amazing how little kids are so fascinated by the littlest things that barely catch our attention? Every chance he has, my 3-year-old son takes the time to stop and look at flowers, trees, butterflies, ants, spiders, grass, birds... even some funny-looking rocks.   To encourage his communication skills, I often ask him about the color, size, and other simple facts about the objects that he sees. I also ask him to greet the critters he sees. I don't know why I do this, but it has the most pleasant effect on him. He smiles whenever he says, "Hello, ants!" or "Good morning, birds!" or "Hello cute butterfly". It doesn't upset him at all that the critters don't greet him back, but rather fly or crawl away and mind their own business.  A genuine friendliness is shown in his face. He's happy and content in the friendly little world that he created. As he turns his attention to other things -- although he seems oblivious to what just happened -- his smile and good mood linger.   I tried to understand his simple yet profound happiness, to put words that could explain how and why and what I find amazing in such a naive mind of a child. Maybe it's the openess of the mind; the simplicity it craves, away from the wants, the plans, the worries that clutter our daily lives; maybe it's the feeling that we get when we accept things the way they are and be grateful for them, such feeling we get when we take the time to stop and greet God's creations... or maybe, it's just good to be friendly.   As I was sitting in my car waiting for the stop sign, an orange butterfly fluttered across my windshield. My son wasn't there in the backseat to point at it and greet it, so I say, "hello, butterfly". I know I didn't look cute talking to a bug, but who cares, it made me feel good.   -Siska/Juli 2004I found  urlLink Haloumi cheese  in the grocery, and the reciple on its wrapping tempted me to give it a try. Besides, I need to increase my daily intake of calcium for my baby. Hence, today I cook this Grilled Haloumi Salad with Hicory Smoke Bbq Sauce.  Unwrap Haloumi and rinse with water (I found out later that Haloumi is quite salty, and this can be overcome by immersing it in milk for a while, if needed). Season the cheese with pepper and herbs, set aside. Don't put salt, since the cheese is already quite salty!  As for the grilled salad, prepare any kind of vegetable that can be grilled. In this case I use asparagus and carrot.  Lightly smear the pan with butter or olive oil, and grill the veggies until it becomes more tender, season with a pinch of salt, pepper and herbs.   Then, grill the cheese, until it becomes golden brown. Don't add salt. The cheese won't melt, instead, the outer skin will become a bit crispy. The inside part of the cheese is rubbery yet spongy, really, a unique texture. It is really rich!  Meanwhile, prepare the sauce (or you can use any other kind of salad sauce / bbq sauce).  In a saucepan, combine tomato ketchup, red wine, herbs, salt, sugar, and chopped garlic and onion. Add  urlLink liquid smoke  for hickory smoke flavor. Simmer until garlic and onion becomes tender. When necessary, add a bit of water in order not burn the sauce.  Combine the two, and serve!Actually we've been thinking of some names ever before this little guy is conceived. One thing for sure, it has to have a hawaiian element in it (that's where we got engaged). Lemme just put down some of the names we've been thinking.    Aina (Hawaiian): The earth / motherland  Lani (Hawaiian): The sky / heaven  Noia (?): Bliss / the state of bliss  Neruda: The famous poet, of course! or alternatively, Kundera?  Aidan: Little fire that brings warmth to the family  Others, like,&nbsp;Hawaiian name Moana, Keoni, Ikaika, or Indian ones like Vidhya, Kamma   Any advice? please! please! suggest some names by writing it down in the Comments section below. We'd like to expand our name alternatives. Perhaps we'll give you a Surprise when the name you suggested is being selected later on next year, God's willing!We haven't put in our blog that Rani is pregnant. Last week, we checked it using test pack after our Melaka Trip and then went to general practitioner to confirm it. Finally we went to a gynae recommended by Tata in  urlLink Thomson Medical Center , Dr. T.C. Chang. We had our first-time examination using USG today and found out that the baby is only 5 1/2 week old. The gestational sac is only 1cm wide. What a magical experience to have a new living creature emerging from human body!  urlLinkWhere and when is human sense of survival being limited to total obedience? (i.e. You have to obey us in order to survive!)  Where and when is human sense of survival forcing people to be entrepreneurial and creative? (i.e. We have to overcome the situation using this, this, and this in order to survive)I find Singapore similar to a theme park. The path you walk is designated, not allowing you to deviate. The activities are well contained in specified spaces and places. The "system" are laid down for the people "to ride on a specified track", just like "It's A Small World" ride in Disneyland. Everything happens in a highly predictable manner. Most of the time people's appetites are satisfied and sometimes people are made to be excited a bit. Everything looks fine and dandy in Singapore, the great big theme park. Or more appropriately, Singapore the great big Truman Show world?Great architects are not democratic, they're authoritarian. They exert themselves in a such insensitive way to their surrounding Perhaps that's why Chandigarh failed, Brasilia failed, and  urlLink Koolhaas's Seattle Public Library  also doesn't do very well. Not to forget the EMP Building, also in Seattle, which performs very poorly and does not fit its urban context.  It's easy to sense and feel if one architecture piece is 'democratic' or 'authoritarian'. Just sense it, and feel it, particularly through the scale of the architecture and the circulation path. In my opinion, the Esplanade is one example of an authoritarian architecture, where the scale of the space is never right, and I felt forced to walk within its specified pedestrian path. It is not a compelling piece of architecture.  Hence, does 'iconic' have to be 'authoritarian'? And does architecture reflect a (conscious / unconscious) political intention behind it?i think nobody wants to get jiggy tonight but us.Yesterday morning i saw three baby birds lying dead on the grassy ground near jurong east mrt station. They were very young, the feathers haven't even grown. Apparently they fell from their nest, which was built at the edge of mrt platform, 10 meters above the ground. Death, what a sad scene to start my day.  By this evening, the dead birds are no longer there. Maybe stray cats ate them.I am so disappointed by the way the the local media described the cause of the 29 june blackout. A short sentence that continously run in ChannelNewsAsia titlebar said: "Blackout in most area caused by disrupted gas supply from Indonesia".  The next day, a friend who works in energy sector informed me that indeed the gas comes from indonesia, however the blackout was caused by tripped valve in the receiving side, that is, in the Singapore side.  I decided to check the info to my friend who works in the StraitsTimes  Hi, what caused the blackout?  Valve on gas pipeline tripped n backup systm faild 2 work  The info i got frm word of mouzh is that the tripped valve is in singapore. However, news blames indonesian disruption of gas supply. i feel news hasn't objectively presented the whole pic, that the blackout is also partly singapore's mistake, not just indonesia's. It's grossly oversimplified  well its called politics
new file
Sorry, but I gotta..I couldn't remember the words and it was driving me insane...  Artist : Lisa Loeb  Song : I Do   When I'm done with thinking, then I'm done with you When I'm done with crying, then I'm done with you When I feel so tired, then I'm done with you Everybody feels this way sometimes, everybody feels this way.  And I do. You can't hear it, but I do. You can't hear it, but I do.  You're trying to convince me, that what I've done's not right I get so frustrated, I stay up every night. You ask me for an answer, and I'm so tired and I'm up in the air (I'm up in the air) Everybody feels this way sometimes, everybody feels this way  And I do. You can't hear it but I do You can't hear it, but I'm feeling this way just because you say  I will be ignored I will be denied I could be erased I could be brushed aside I will get scared, and I will get shoved down but I feel like I do because you push me around.  I'm starting to ignore you, I doubted you so long, I'm tired of over-thinkin, I know you don't belong Now I'm asking questions, No one pushes me around, Everybody feels this ways sometimes, Everybody feels this way  And I do You can't hear it but I do You don't seem angry but I do I do.maybe I do like "dog"..HoLa. Como estas? Ay yi yi. Babysitting: made $18. Woo. Kinda. I need to get $20 more for this sweater @ AE I want. I also want a kahki jacket lined with that sheep's wool stuff. There's one @ AF. Yah know what's stupid? As soon as I'm off groundation, Lloyd is on. Y LLOYD Y?! Ah. Pinche Madres. What else to say...  I like kiwis.   Do you ever find yourself thinking about someone? I do. I'll be thinking about someone then I'll feel stalker-like and stop. It's scary sometimes. Not a guy or someting, just like a friend you don't talk to anymore. Like..I sometimes am like:Man, haven't talked to Sophia in awhile..  I have Lisa Loeb stuck in my head, and the scary part is..I DON'T LISTEN TO HER! weird..  I'm out for now. Xxo0   "What you feel is what you are and what you are is beautiful..."-Goo Goo DoLLs, "SLiDe"Yah, just so you all know...I don't like "dOg" anymore.Hey evry1. I'm in first period. WoO. Yah.  Thanks David..for saliva..  LoLiDoLiDoO.   Gosh, I am so bored. SAve me. Damn, and third period I have PE. Do you think I'm crazy b/c I bring another shirt to change into after PE? My first one gets all stretched out with all the taking on and off. YaH. So.  It was so sad b/c Clinton made it so people that needed welfare could get it regardless of conditions. That law or whatever it is he made, runs out this year two days after xmas. That means that all the people that are on welfare are going to be pennyless. California has it the worst. It is said it is going to be the worst welfare cut in California. Gray Davis is trying to delay the cut just enough so everyone on it can be fine. There's said to be a estimate of 300,000 people on welfare. May god have pity on their souls.   Eat your heart out.O. I was sick from school today. Fun times. That's all. Nothin'....gosh im bored....I don't like people that are always talkingabout how many people like them b/c they want you to think they're hard to get and just talking to you is amazing and you should appreciate it. Whoa. News. Who gives a shit? Not me. Get a life.  Itz amazing b/c...well it is. And I like..yah. And I think he knows. Cuz he asked. And I said no. And I'm writing in fragments. Cuz itz cool. SUE ME!  LaLaLA.La. Tomorrow is gEeTaR(guitar). YeEhAW!   Man, I love staying home alone but my family won't leave me alone anymore. They don't trust me. After I threw that mad rave..nothing has been the same.  Something Corporate is soft..mellow..kinda trying to be hard...I dunno..AH.  I'm so confused. I was called "crazy" like 298362378637 times today. Just 'cuz in PE I would stare off n2 space then laugh. It's b/c I think of something funny. Nothin wrong with that, foo!  Godsh..running...away..toodles...   If you would be my punk rock princess I would be your garage band king... -Something CorporateHeLLo. Still in first period. Such fun times. We have to do research on a certain vitamin. Mine's on vitamin E for obvious reasons. Jessica Lloyd is sitting here next to me. Laura Ramos is "absent". :-P PoOP! I feel really sick right now. My eyes are all watery and I look high. My nose is all sniffly. I've been sneezing and coughing. It's a wonderful life. I need vitamins...  Yah know what's really cool? Old music. Alternative, some pop. Stuff from the mid-to-early nineties and before. Like..Blind Melon, Nirvana, Smashing Pumpkins..all those old favorites.   Ahh "Cat" is very annoying. I think he thinks I like him just because of one time I took advantage of a situatioN(no not what you're thinking, sicko). So..I hope not. Let me clear this up. If you're reading this...I don't like you. HAHAHAHA.   Uhoh. I have nothing really to say and the teacher said we need to finish these by the end of the period. So LAtEr 4 NoW..... x0x0x0x0ahh im in class.hah im groundedStupid Stupid computer. Stupid stupid brother. GeEz. I just wrote literally like three pages and my phone rang. I went to answer it and as I did my brother messed with the computer. When I came back it was frozen and..ANd..AND..ITZ DUMB. AaaaaaaaaaaH!  AH. There. All better..kinda..  Ahha. I got him back by staring at him and laughing. Then when he would look at me I would look away. WUHAHA. So childish yet so fulfilling.   Man, I wrote so much stuff b4..all about Greg and how he owes me a 1$ for punching this kid. And how retards fuck...amanda..kelsey...& kt know what I'm talking about. GEz. IT WAS SO MUCH FUN. But, itz all gone now. So..yah And RIGHT b4 my comp froze I wrote: CALL ME IM BORED 265-8235 or my line: 265-6884 and..someone called me. IT was Colin..Peck...yeah...and then I had to go. Soo..you can still call.......... Don't worry about making covo..worry about me shutting up.   In my dreams I'm dying all the time... -MobySome people are so retarded(yet again). They're like: Uhh I've done *this/that*...and they haven't! LIARS! Oh yes..and if anyone knows who sings the song "always"..tell me.  Gracas!HeLlO. Nothing interesting happened today. HuMm..Some people are so retarded. I am so sry that happened A.H. She's hella messed up. We need to find new guys, lol. @ Lunch time, instead of hanging out with some very cool people, Amanda(s) and I went somewhere..fun. Yeah, then we hung out with some very cool people. After school was sooooo funny. I went up to this kid to ask when their practice was @.  He said:  Uh..I'm not oging to practice today..but it's normally right now.   I said:  ohh. thanks.   THEN AS I WAS WALKING AWAY, he said:  Ooh, I'ts cuz you want to see "DOG", HUH?!   Me:  nooo! It's cuz I want to see..uh..er..people. GeEz. Go away!  Hahahaha. Itz true though..what can I say? Then Johnny, Kyle, Amanda, Texas and I hung out. Heath had to go. (POO :-P). Oo! I got this really big cookie. It was all pink..yah. I just thought it was interesting. Then Am.&Tex. said they had 2 go, so J, K, & I walked to 7/11 where homofreaks work.  I asked 3 random people out today. They just looked confused and thought I was joking..which I was. THAT WOULDA BEEN SOOO COOL IF SOMEONE SAID YES! We could've been pretend b/f and g/f. Haha. AwEsOmE!Ok, I only have a few moments but I just wanted to say the story of "dog". I like him. He liked me. Then he went out with someone that wasn't me. The end. Stop asking.According to my Lucky Charms watch given to me by my brother, it has only been a few hours since I was last online. What can I say? I'm an addict...I guess. So I suppose people are out having fun. Guess what I did? I CLEANED MY ROOM! wOoHoO. Mi madre thought it was too cluttered so she made me clean it. I must say, it looks much better. Normally I pile my stuff on my bed. That is the most common place. I have a big bed and I only use half of it, so on the other half there are always binders of homework, the next day's outfit, etc.  Some of you are thinking: WHAT?! UR ROOM IS NEVER MESSY WHEN I COME OVER!..WeLL duh. I clean it. Oh it is so sad: When the cleaning lady comes, she completely ignores my room b/c it is messy. Hehe. Not anymore. Anyway.. Why do I talk about the most boring of things (messy rooms)? No clue. Does anyone know? Probably not.   Some people have been asking me about "doG". Well, don't worry about it.    CDs wanted:  U2: U2's greatest hits Queen: Queens Greatest Hits Nirvana: Nevermind, Insecticide The Donnas: The Donnas Spend the Night Kacey Chambers: single-Not Pretty Enough The Vines latest SLayter Kinney's latest Maybe: chevelle and the used...humm maybe! Also I want to check out The Ataris.. -I heard from Wick that The Vines latest CD is bad...Oh, I also want to go to the NOT SO SILENT NIGHT CONCERT @ the HP Pavilion in S.F. (tHE Cit-AY).  -*If you would like to contribute to my CD collection by buying these as a present..feel free. I would  love  you.....*-   When the lights go down in the city(OoOhOh)And the sun shines on the bay. Do I wanna be there in my city?(OoOoHOh) Whoaaa. whoaaa. whoaaaaaaooo. -Journey   What else to say? November is a great month. Mi madre's birthday is Nov. 30. November issue of the school paper is coming out soon. I have three articles in this month's. I think. I wrote three anyway. I like high school a lot better than other things. Except my math teacher. I really think she needs to get some new teaching methods. She gets her point across, but she is very droning.  She sits at the front of the classroom, writing on the whiteboard, showing us how to solve all the problems on the night-before homework. We have block scheduling so every class except on Mondays are two hours long. :-P So she has time to do that.   It seems like this day is dragging on and on.   I was just surfing the net when I came upon this website of a person. The person has some really good quotes on their webpage and express good political and social views.  IT was amazing, and made me think. I shouldn't waste this space with mindless chatter. It should be interesting. My friends are starting to call me a hippie b/c I'm against the war. Not "hippie" in a bad, put-down sort of way. If they were my opinions of Bush would still remain.  I went to this antiwar rally in the city. It really opened my eyes. There were nude people protesting, pot everywhere and hairy/stinky people all around. ((kinda sounds like a concert..)) Some people dedicate their lives to such important matters. Unimportant matters still surround me everyday though. I go to high school and what other people think about whom and what is the best way to do this/that/etc is the topic of most any conversation. I get tired of it. People need to look past their pathetic little home lives and to the world. I don't think a lot of kids my age get that if we don't do anything to help what's right, we're going to reel in the benefits of an unhappy place. This is our future. We need to act upon it. Stop worrying about what you look like, and who you think is talking about you. Others are a lot off worse than you. And in the end, it really doesn't matter what happened in high school. High school is just the beginning of a long life. High school is the shooting point of which you make ur decisions of what you want to do in life. It should not be the highlight of your life, it should be a time just like any other where you cherish the memories but not to the point where those are all your memories. After high school you have college. Or maybe you don't. Life without college will be pretty hard to come by, but that is a choice that all people make. I'm not going to lecture you on going to college, that is your own choice. As for me, I want to be educated. It's just like when I first started playing the guitar and Peter was teaching me up strokes. Not all music says that you need to stroke up so I was to understand eventually with enough playing, you(the player) will be able to just know by sound and experience whether to stroke up or down. And he's right. It's very simple to listen to music now and figure whether it's an up or down stroke. I want it to be that way in life. I want it to be that way for me. If you want it you can have it too.    Despite all my rage I am still just a rat in a cage.. -Smashing PumpkinsHeLLo. Whoa. This is my first time doing this. Let's see how it goes. I probably won't be able to post something everyday, so just wait it out. I know it will be hard waiting for my next posting of my "oh so exciting" life. What's going on now?-->Nothing really. It's almost noon. This weekend I didn't go to the BIG GAME! Oh no. I enjoyed staying home and talking on the phone while watching movies. Football bores me and after awhile, when you've seen one game..it's like you've seen them all. Saturday, I went to the beach with mi familia. We went to Drake's beach by Point Reyes. We just hiked and watched these morons try to free some sea lions. Mi madre said they were trained professionals with degrees. It looked like trained monkies to me. Hiking..what can I say? Who doesn't love to get all sweaty and hot? No, no. It really is fun when you finally reach your destination and look down upon the land you just conquered. :) Then we went home. On the drive there and back there was this really cool surf shop we passed. It's called HIPKAT SURF SHOP..I think. It had some Roxy and Paul Frank stuff. I'm starting to obsess over Paul Frank. He has a cool website. www.paulfrank.com. Sat night, I was watching Sixth Sense on ABC. Then, I got too scared to watch the rest so I walked to my room. In the dark. ALL ALONE. Today, I don't think we have anything planned. Oh yeah, Amanda called me last night too. Talked to her on the phone for a little. Her dad just moved to American Canyon, which is a lot closer than Concord(LOVE THAT MALL). So this week, she's staying at her dad's house. Normally, on Wednesdays, I go home with her b/c her mom's house is so close to my guitar teacher's house. (I have guitar on Wed @ 4:30.) So @ 4:30, I walk over to Peter's house. Then after, mi madre picks me up or I go back to Amanda's. This week since she's going to be at her dad's, I go 2 her house by  myself . Manda said it's okay and her mom "won't mind". I still feel weird about it...even though I've been there countless times. (We go back to very beginning of 8th grade.) She's always there for me. Like when "dogs" go out with people. "Dog" is lame. Seriously. No more talk of him though! Ahh. I can't wait to g2 Bakersfield. I love it sometimes. I get to see Terry and Bri. Also, shopping. I love it. I miss them all. We go there weekend of December 3. So be READY if you're reading this-->Sophia. She's the one that had this blog thingy. I decided to try it. Interesting..quite. ToodLes for now. I'm going to find something *FUN* to DooOoO. Yaaah. x0x0x0x.BEST TURKEY DAY MOMENT SO FAR:       I wouldn't go so far as to call it the best, but I was getting a piece of bread to eat. I stuck the bread into my mouth and was chewing on it. I look down at the bread where I just bit into it, and I realize, 'Hey, there's mold..' Then, it hit me. I ran to the garbage almost crying and spit it out. Then I spit some more. I'm probably going to die now. Good-bye Good-byeNothing much is really happening. Ijust felt guilty for not writing and having all my fans (aha) be dissapointed. 2day-Having Thanks. Day dinner @ my house. Mi madre is going to cook for people. HAHAHA. This should be interesting. I hear back in the day she use to actually cook quite a variety of dishes. Then she had children (me & ZAC).          AwWw MaaaN. I'm so dissapointed. Mi amigos en Bako are all having fun times. Nonz, Terry, Bri & Justin(Bri's b/f) are goin' out to the ol' Shafter. I remember when I use to do that. G2 my gma's house for every holiday. Since we moved, however..we did the first year, but then we split up our holidays with others. Last Thanksgiving..I don't remember where we were. Last xmas we were in VA w/ Hartwell & Ginger(James' parents). Anyways. I was talking to Bri & Sophia. Sophia's bday is in a few days(DEC 3). I would tell you the correct amount of days till the joyous celebration, but seeing as how I don't know the present date...I can't. When I go on vaca all time seems to run together. I know there was a time @ Terry's that i totally forgot what or when it was.         Gosh, I really regret some things. How young and stupid I was just a few months ago. No REALLY. I can't believe some things I did (and a lot of them..fo  him ). Ew. Shoot me (not literally you psycho). AH! IT MAKES ME WANT TO YACK MY BRAINS OUT AND THEN WHEN I CAN'T DO THAT, CUT ALL MY SKIN OFF AND BURN IT. It sickens me beyond belief.     Anyways..           My jacket. My perfect xmas. MY dad said yes to what I asked for. Not like he wouldn't. That's one thing I like about not living in ol' Hell (Bako): since I don't see everyone as much..when  I do..SHOPPING GALORE. Yaaah. Even if it's every other month. I guess they feel guilty and give me MULa.         I told mi madre I didn't have enough clothes. She laughed. I was confused. Weird..or wierd?! ahh. SPELL CHECK!           Stalker Theory:        You always think about him/her/it. Him/her/it are the 1st things you think of when you wake up or the last thing you think of at night. It scares you. You tell yourself it's just a crush. Don't kid yourself. YOU'RE A STALKER. ahahahahahahhahahahah.      Artist : Fleming And John  Song : Ugly Girl   When I saw u @ the grocery store u were sharin a shoppin cart w/ her & I couldnt turn & run away I didnt know wat 2 say  u introduced us 4 the first time & I had 2 look her n the eye  but u could not imagine my surprz cant u see ur leavin me  4 an ugly grl A real ugly grl  does she talk bout politics  & all the stuff that used 2 make me sick does she smoke cigars & stay up late  oh shez so gr8  does she tell u wat u want 2 hear & I bet that she can grow a beard  Id feel better thinkin u were queer itz not fair  I cant compare  2 an ugly grl A real ugly grl  ha ha ha the jokes on me  I feel jealous & I feel mean  is she so nice that it makz up 4 her face therez no way   do u have to keep ur eyes closed  do u have 2 keep the lights down low  o I bet u wish u had a blindfold  cant u see ur leavin me  4 an ugly grl yeh, shez an ugly grl A real ugly grl...*Favorites* -shopping and getting what you want -cinnamon scones -blueberry slurpees -strawberry smoothies -milk duds -baths -laughing -friends that understand you -people you can talk with for hours -havin' days that u do absolutely nothing or know absolutely nothing is going to happen, and you're okay with that. -having all the time in the world -smiling -something that makes you so happy you want to laugh and cry at the same time. -sad times when you realize the truth about people -songs that make you dance around like a freak -getting so involved in something you get out of your own life for awhile  -when you're right -when you're parents doubt you, but in the end knwo you're right -when people see you for you -handpicked flowers -gifts that mean everything no matter how "pathetic" -silly, mushy poems that you can totally relate to -starry nights -vacations with friends -feeling secure -sweaters  -sweaters with hoods to hide in -having a terrible day then talking to someone that makes it all better -relating to something: that way you know you're not the only one... -telling someone how you feel and having them feel the same way -marshmellows: they can cheer anyone up -feeling like the moment will never end    EVERLONG-Foo fighters    Hello, I've waited here for you, everlong  Tonight, I throw myself into and out of the red,  Out of her head she sang  Come down and waste away with me, down with me  Slow how, you wanted it to be,  I'm over my head, out of her head she sang  And I wonder when I sing along with you  If everything could ever feel this real forever  If anything could ever be this good again  The only thing I'll ever ask of you  You've got to promise not to stop when I say when  She sang  Breathe out, so I can breathe you in, hold you in  And now, I know you've always been out of your head,  Out of my head I sang  And I wonder when I sing along with you  If everything could ever feel this real forever  If anything could ever be this good again  The only thing I'll ever ask of you  You've got to promise not to stop when I say  When she sang  And I wonder if everything could ever feel this real forever  If anything could ever be this good again  The only thing I'll ever ask of you  You've got to promise not to stop when I say when...Avril Lavigne-There's a lot of discussion here. The "punks" at school call her a "poser" and those that don't, look up to her. What makes the kids calling her a "poser" think they invented what "punks" should look like and decided to be fashion police? I thought they were tired of the "fashion" thing so they dress like  that  to be "different". If you know me then you know what I think about it. It's all bullcrap. Some people think they started this rebellious fashion statement but they haven't. Where do you think they got the idea?? It just popped in their head?? Wrong. The media told them to dress that way, and act that way. So why not stop worrying about what other people are wearing and just appreciate them for a human in having their own beliefs, customs and styles? There is a point to this continuous rambling, 1) Do what you want, don't try to be like others, be yourself, etc. 2) I like the song #4 on Lavigne's record. In fact, some would say Lloyd and I are obsessed with it...WeLL, 2day was a day of historic events.  In first period, I fainted. It started out with me just yawning and listening to the sex ed teacher talk about genital warts, and herpes. After I yawned about 6 times in 1minute, I started getting suspicious. I felt hot all over. I turned to Laura and said:"Ohh, I don't feel good." Then I tried to move around in my seat. When I couldn't take it anymore and I got the "feeling", I went to the teacher and whispered:"I need to go to the nurses office. I don't feel well..." That's the last I remember besides hearing something hit a chair or desk. I woke up on the ground. I looked up at Laura who was now sitting above me in a chair rather than across from the table from me. I knew what had happened. I put my hands to my face and said: "oH God. I told you I didn't feel good." The sex ed teacher and the regular teacher looked down on me along with the rest of the class. Then the regular teacher picked me up, I said:"Wait, don't I need my backpack?" and she held me as I walked through the hall to be greeted by the dean and Rick(my softball coach who also yard duties @ NHS). Rick took me from there and to the office. I said:"Whoa. I feel like I'm goin' to faint. Can I sit down on the floor?" And with out a reply I laid down in the office next to the juvenille delquents that were sent up there. Rick said:"C'mon let's go to the nurses office." Walking was one thing. They way things looked was another. It was like walking in a black and white speckled cartoon. MY head felt heavy and light at the same time. We got to the nurses station and I barfed. MY mom eventually got me and took me home. I called Heath's cell to tell her I couldn't go shopping today. :( HeR & LLoYd called back later, and already knew what had happened. They said a lot of people were concerned and talking about it. (Humph. This is still not embarassing to me, b/c this is not my first-public pass-out.) Heath also said that kids in the class said I hit my head really hard on the desk when I went down. I have no recollection of this, but can strongly say I believe it since my head hurts like hell now.   OTher than that, it was a fine day. The guy I like noticed I wasn't in class today. He asked me why and said class was boring, besides two retards getting sent to the dean for goofing off. As I was about to sign off he said: short people are always sexy. I said: except to you. He said: No 2 me 2. Me: :) Olala. I don't care if he knows it anymore. I think everything is completely obvious. ((If you don't get why this is of any importance, then you obviously don't know me. I'm as short as short can be. 5'0"!))  WeLL that is all I guess.     Artist : Oasis  Song : Wonderwall   Today is gonna be the day That they're gonna throw it back to you By now you should've somehow  Realize what you gotta do I don't believe that anybody Feels the way I do about you now  Backbeat the word was on the street That the fire in your heart is out I'm sure you've heard it all before But you never really had a doubt I don't believe that anybody feels The way I do about you now  And all the roads we have to walk are winding And all the lights that lead us there are blinding There are many things that I would Like to say to you But I don't know how  Because maybe You're gonna be the one that saves me  And after all You're my wonderwall  Today was gonna be the day But they'll never throw it back to you By now you should've somehow Realize what you're not to do I don't believe that anybody Feels the way I do About you now  And all the roads that lead you there were winding And all the lights that light the way are blinding There are many things that I would like to say to you But I don't know how  I said maybe You're gonna be the one that saves me  And after all You're my wonderwall  I said maybe You're gonna be the one that saves me  And after all You're my wonderwall  Said maybe You're gonna be the one that saves me(x3)MY aOL is bein' dumb & my b/l isn't showin up. :-P.  Oo0o. When I signed on, I had 5emails! I'm so loved.   Went shopping with mi madre. Got a new purse.   2morrow goin' shoppin with Heath. Gettin shoes.   yaya.  more later.  -e-Goin' on: this n that.  Kind of...not entertained right now. Trying to find something that holds my interest.   I haven't really talked to LLoYd all weekend. LLoYd, if you read this: CALL ME.  HuMm.."dOg". Yes, haven't talked to him since the beginning of break. Ha. What a laugh. LLoYd asked me why I even like him. I don't know really. I guess I see different things in people. Take BNP for example. I don't see anything now, and am surprised I ever saw something. But, at one point, I did. I think it was the chase that drew me in. Other (dumb) girls wanted him and he was going out at the time I wanted him. So his g/f thought he was doin' the *dirtydirty* and dumped him. I guess it's the feeling of: 'o0o does he like me? does he not?' I remember that feeling very well. It's now more 'can he hold my interest after he returns his?' -That is very important. I don't know about you, but I sometimes find myself bored with the current fling. Just sayin'...  Does it ever seem fake to you? Sometimes I feel like things that were important last week no longer are worth mentioning. I easily let things go b/c I don't care enough to keep them going. Especially drama.   I realize that there are always going to be boneheads in life. You can't escape them, and it scares me. There's people always thinking in their ignorant ways and it infuriates me that I can't change their mind.   It also kind of frightens me that people might actually read this. A lot of people are surprised when they really get to know me. I guess I give the wrong impression..?? I've been told it's more of a goody-goody, sweetie-airhead thing, or psycho. I don't think people see me as a person that thinks...unless..they do. Hah. That makes sense.   xxx000  -crackELhead-I write to relieve the anxiety, yet it ceases to vanish.Some idiot I know but will not name called me a poser. ME..POSER? OF WHAT? I don't try to dress like the musicians I like. I don't try to dress like an Abercrombie model. I don't try to dress like a hot topic person. I dress like me. So how can I pose if it's what I am? He just didn't like my Good Charlotte icon. I don't know anything about GC other than the facts 1) Cierra owns a copy of their CD, and I saw it like..in 6th grade in her room and thought it looked..interesting. 2) they sing that rich&famous song."Am I not pretty enough?"-Kacey Chambers1.  You are attracted to those who have split personality, like cold     as ice on the outside, but hot as fire in the heart.  2.  In the process of courtship, the approach that would make you     feel irresistable is creative, never let you feel bored.  3.  The impression you would like to give to your lover is stylish.  4.  You don't like it when your partner is insecure.  5.  The kind of relationship you would like to build with your     partner is that both of you can talk about everything and     anything, no secret is kept.  6.  You care about the society and morality, you won't do anything     wrong after marriage.  7.  You always want to get married, but in fact, you don't even know     what it really is.  8.  At this moment, you are quite self-centered; you think of love as     something you can get and trash anytime you want.  My test results from  urlLink AnImAL TeStLaLaLa. HAHA SO HAPPY. Y??!!?!?!?..weLL...i got some GREAT news. AHAHAHAHAHA. OMG! I AM SO HAPPY. THIS IS LIKE THE HAPPIEST I'VE BEEN IN LIKE....A FEW WEEKS! LAST NIGHT I WAS SO DEPRESSED BUT U SEE..THIS IS EXCELLENT! OMGOSH! YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND! THIS IS EXCELLENT. EXCELLENT((YEAAAAH)) I CAN TYPE IN CAPS CUZ ITZ SO GREAT. OMG. KISS ME. I AM SOOO HAPPY. LALALAAAaAAaAaaA. I FEEL LIKE CRYING AND LAUGHING AT THE SAME TIME. HAHAHAHAHAHAAHHAHAHAHAAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHA. OH GOD.    i tHInK iM dUmB. i tHInK iM dUmB. i tHInK iM dUmB. i tHInK iM dUmB. i tHInK iM dUmB. i tHInK iM dUmB. i tHInK iM dUmB. i tHInK iM dUmB. i tHInK iM dUmB. i tHInK iM dUmB. i tHInK iM dUmB. i tHInK iM dUmB. -NIRVANA, "dumb"I fEeL LiKe:   ATWA-SOAD   Hey u, c me, picturz crzy All the world Ive seen b4 me passin by Ive got, nothin, 2 gain, 2 lose All the world Ive seen b4 me passin by  U dont care bout how I feel I dont feel it NEmore U dont care bout how I feel I dont feel it NEmore U dont care bout how I feel I dont feel it NEmore U dont care bout how I feel I dont feel it NEmore  Hey u, r me, not so pretty All the world Ive seen b4 me passin by Silent my voice, Ive got no choice All the world Ive seen b4 me passin by  u dont care bout how I feel I dont feel it NEmore u dont care bout how I feel I dont feel it  NEmore u dont care bout how I feel I dont feel it NEmore u dont care bout how I feel I dont feel it  NEmore I dont see NEmore I dont hear NEmore I dont speak NEmore I dont feel  Hey u, C me, picturz crzy, All the world Ive seen b4 me passin by, I've got nothin 2 gain 2 lose All the world Ive seen b4 me passin by,  u dont care bout how I feel I dont feel it  NEmore u dont care bout how I feel I dont feel it  NEmore u dont care bout how I feel I dont feel it  NEmore u dont care bout how I feel I dont feel it  NEmore I dont sleep NEmore I dont eat  NEmore I dont live NEmore I dont feelTodAY-  PLaY@ J's SkOoL. 4:30PM.  2morrow:  HEaTh OvEr?  FUN!  PaReNtS 2 xmas party.   I THINK UR DUMB!Artist : Finch  Song : Stay With Me   Once again your eyes Make it hard to say goodbye So I'll just keep driving Where you wanna go It doesn't really matter  As long as you are here with me With me With me  There's something in the air tonight Something that makes me feel alive And I said what  What were the words that you said to me That made me feel so special now  Once again your eyes Make it hard to ask you why So I sit here knuckles tight Hands against the wheel Your head against the glass And you mean so much to me To me To me  There's something in the air tonight Something that makes me feel alive And I said what  What were the words that you said to me That made me feel so special  Stay with me Cigarettes in open air Hand in hand And I said stay with me Cause every star that I see  Is brighter than the last  So stay with me Cigarettes in open air Hand in hand And I said stay with me Cause every star that I see  Is brighter than the last  So stay with me Cigarettes in open air Hand in hand And I said stay with me Cause every star that I see  Is brighter than the last  So stay with me Cigarettes in open air Hand in hand And I said stay with me Cause every star that I see  Is brighter than the last  So stay with me...Pisces, February 19-March 20  Style Theme Song: "Half Crazy" by Musiq  Dressed Up Designer: John Galliano  Dressed Down Designer: Ecko  Color: Sea green, violet  Fashion Tarot Card: The Empress (passion)  You Wear It Well: Fashion-forward clothes with a theatrical flair  Put it back on the rack: Anything lacking rockstar appeal  Essential Accessory: Shoes made for dancing/walking/getting into trouble  Stylin' Starmates: Jennifer Love Hewitt, Ja Rule  Starmate stuck in a fashion emergency: Shaquille O'NealDirty little thoughts.SURVEY1   APPEARANCE 001. hair: dark brown hair 002. eyes: dark brown 003. height: 5 feet    STYLE 001. clothing: w/e i want 002. music: well i don't like: country, some pop, christian, nora jones, vanessa carlton 003. make up: not a whole lot 004. bodyart: i wish   CURRENT 001. wearing: pjs-sweats shirt slippers 002. listening to: RxBandits 003. thinking of: i do have some body art on me. collin drew all over me in spanish.   LAST THING YOU 001. bought: clothing 002. ate & drank: ate-toast drank-water. woo. 003. read: survey question 004. watched on tv: that 70's show. im obsessed.  EITHER / OR 001. club or houseparty: houseparty 002. tea or coffee: coffee 003. achiever or slacker: achiever 004. beer or cider: cider  005. drinks or shots: drinks 006. cats or dogs: cats 007. single or taken: i dunno i like being single but i miss being taken sometimes 008. pen or pencil: pen 009. gloves or mittens: gloves 010. food or candy: candy 011. cassette or cd: cd 012. coke or pepsi: neither 013. hard or mild alcohol: mild 014. matches or a lighter: a lighter, matches scare me 015. sunset beach or the bold and the beautiful: bleh 016. rickie lake or oprah winfrey: oprah cuz she lost weight and ricki is still a fatAss  WHO DO YOU WANT TO 001. kill: i wouldn't go that far 003. get really wasted with: i'm not sure. 004. look like: barbie. j.k. 005. be like: me 006. avoid: you  LAST PERSON YOU...AND WHEN? 001. touched: myself 002. talked to: myself 003. hugged: myself..kinda scary... 004. instant messaged: myself 005. kissed: myself. if you can do it, why not? 006. who broke your heart: hahahahaha  WHERE DO YOU 001. eat: everywhere 002. dance: on the streets 003. cry: everywhere 004. wish you were: xmas break  HAVE YOU EVER 001. dated one of your best friends? yep 002. loved somebody so much it makes you cry? pshht 003. drank alcohol? yep 004. done drugs? drugs r bad. 005. broken the law? yep 006. ran away? yes. didn't get but to my backyard. fun times. 007. broken a bone? nope 008. cheated on a test? yep 009. skinny dipped? yep 010. played truth or dare? yep 011. flashed someone? yep 012. mooned someone? yep 013. kissed someone you didn't know? i licked someone i didn't know 014. been on a talk show/game show? i don't think so.. 015. been in a fight? yep 016. ridden in a fire truck? ive been in a parked one 017. been on a plane? yep 018. come close to dying? i think 019. cheated on your boy/girlfriend? yep..but the guy was dumb anyways 020. gave someone a piggy back/shoulder ride? yep 021. eaten a worm/mud pie? yep 022. swam in the ocean? yep 023. had a nightmare/dream that made you wake up? yep  WHAT IS 001. the most embarrassing CD in your collection? backstreet boys or brittney spears or a lot 002. your bedroom like? blue. stars. moon. 003. your favorite thing for breakfast? sunny side eggs, toast, bacon, cowboy-cut patatoes. 004. your favorite thing for lunch? subs 005. your favorite thing for dinner? piZzA 006. your favorite restaurant? starbucks. wuhahaa.  ARE YOU 001. a vegetarian?: i can't say i am 002. a good student?: for the most part 003. good at sports?: u be the judge 004. wakeboarding/snowboarding: haha butt bruises. 005. a good singer?: call me Yoko Ono 006. a good actor/actress?: sure. 007. a deep sleeper?: sometimes 008. a good dancer?: oh yah. shake it. 009. shy?: hardly 010. outgoing?: for the most part 011. a good storyteller?: nope 012. last words?: fun times.     SURVEY2    1. [Spell your name backwards]: esyle 2. [Where do you live?]: napa cali 3. [Describe yourself in three words]: psycho, annoying at times, cute 4. [Who is your worst enemy?]: um. i don't hate people. maybe shallowness. 5. [If you could have any animal for a pet, what would it be?]: kelsey's fish! 6. [what is the latest you've ever stayed up?]: till 6am 7. [Ever been to belgium?]: nope but they sure have good waffles 8. [what's your favorite coin?]: any kind that will buy me something 9. [wallet]: paul frank blue with julius monkey on it. 10. [brush]: brushing kind 11. [toothbrush]: pink. 12. [jewelry worn daily]: lucky charms watch, heart ring, happy face ring, toe ring used as pinkie ring, pices thumb ring, blue flower stone ring, necklace, earings, bracelet 13. [pillow cover]: white 14. [blanket]: many. 15. [coffee cup]: black 16. [sunglasses]: black, and one blue pair 17. [underwear]: yes i have underwear. 18. [shoes]: a lot 19. [handbag]: black shoulder purse is my new fav. 20. [favorite top]: HuMm...i like them all 21. [favorite pants]: pssht pants 22. [cologne]: desire 23. [cd in stereo right now]: nirvana-in utero 24. [tattoos]: pssht 25. [piercings]: use 2b 2 in each ear now just one 26. [wearing]: sweats and black wife beater(pjs) 27. [hair]: down..just got it cut! 28. [makeup]: whatever's left over from today 29. [in my mouth]: tongue 30. [in my head]: thinking that my new haircut is poo and that "he" is lame. 31. [wishing]: i could have perfect hair 32. [after this]: i have no idea 33. [talking to]: everyone 34. [eating]: nada 35. [you like candles]: yes 36. [Do you like hot wax]: no 37. [Do you like incense]: yes 38. [Do you like the taste of blood]: sometimes 39. [Fetishes]: saying-flap, omg, anf laughing at nothing 40. [If you could get away with it and murder anyone, who and for what reason]: ur mom cuz she is mean to me 41. [Person you wish you could be with right now]:ehh..mark magrath. so hott. 42. [What/Who is next to you]: papers. 43. [What do you want done with your body when you die]: organ donor/cremation 44. [Do you believe in love]: sure 45. [Do you believe in soulmates]: i believe people believe they think they have a soulmate 46. [Do you believe in love at first sight]: sure 47. [Do you believe in Heaven]: not really 48. [Do you believe in forgiveness]: no! if someone hurt you make them pay! WUHAHAA. 49. [Do you believe in God]: nope 50. [What's something that you wish people would understand]: why are we all the same yet we can't all stand to be near each other? 51. [What's something you wish you could understand better]: lemons. why r they sour? 52. [What's one thing you want to make happen for tomorrow]: snow DAY! ha yeah right this is california..not to mention napa.      SURVEY3   1)If you could be instantly fluent in one other language that you currently do not read or speak, which would it be? French because I would sound smart and it's romantic-sounding 2)If you could have the starring role in any film already made, what would it be? Kat in 10 Things I Hate About You 3)If you could receive one small package this very moment, who would it be from and what would be in it? from a really rich person and it would be $298739827409384093849038. woo. 4)If you could own one painting from any collection in the world but were not able to sell it, which work of art would you select? Van Gough 5)If you were instantly able to play one musical instrument perfectly that you never have played before, what would it be? the oscar myer weenie whistle 6)If you could posses one supernatural ability, what would it be? readminds 7)If you had to choose the most valuable thing you ever learned what would it be? uh. learn ha. 8)If you could have only one piece of furniture in your house, what would it be? huge bed 9)If you could read the private diary of someone you know personally, whose diary would it be? hmm...I dunno...no one's I guess, I'd be too afraid they'd secretely be like "I hate Elyse, I hope she dies, she's so stupid and ugly and freakish!" 10)If you could have one person you know as your slave for one month, who would it be? oh man. someone sexy fer sher. 11)If you could choose the way you will die, how would you want it to happen? "I wanna go like my grandpa, peaceful and in his sleep, not screaming like the other people in the car."  12)If you could wake up tomorrow to learn that the major newspaper headlines were about you, what would you want them to say? "Elyse is awesome." 13)If you won the lottery, what is the first thing you would do? college 14)If you could choose the music at your funeral, what would it be, and who would play it? dunt care 15)If you could take away the vocal cords of any person, who would it be? I want vanessa carlton to shut up. SoO...i would pick....courtney love's. 16)If you had to describe your idea of the perfect mate, how would you do it? tall(but not too much), nice features, model material, cute, funny, can hold a conversation, intelligent, deep, poetic, sexy, can sing like heaven..but not in the gay singing way: the deep romantic screeching voice of kurt cobain or something., spikey hair, black or dark hair, curly or straight, green eyes. = perfEcTo. 17)If you had to have a personal friend redecorate your house, who would you pick to do it? psshht. no one. 18)If you had to choose the worst home you've ever lived in, which one was it? considering how I've only lived in 2 houses, I can't really tell you that 19)If you could have prevented one thing from happening between you and a friend, what would it have been? I miss my cat. I didn't mean to chase her and pull her tail. 20)If you could learn the total number of hours you have spent in your life doing one thing, what would it be? laughing because I'm sure it's a whole lot 21)If you had to describe yourself as a child in one word, what would it be? weird 22)If you could own a single prop from any film ever made what would you choose? the car from Dumb & Dumberit was a sad day. the end.i was tired and couldn't sleep..then i did.ConVo with Amanda about my TOE:  SweetyBaby88:  your toe or your "toe"i am so dumb.I don't get it. Why would 19-22 20-12 12-6-7 with 19-22-9? It doesn't make any sense. Am 18 13-12-7 20-12-12-23 22-13-12-6-20-19? 23-26-5-18-23 said that I am fine and 13-12-7 21-26-7. I suppose that's good, but it doesn't stop 14-22 from wondering if 18 26-14.  He 21-15-18-9-7-22-23 with 14-22 all 8-11-26-13-18-8-19. Go figure. It all is like a 15-18-22.   Movin' to the country, gonna eat alot of peaches, I'm movin to the country, gonna eat me alot of peaches, Movin to the country, gonna eat alot of peaches, Movin to the country, gonna eat alot of peaches.  Peaches come, from a can, They were put there by a man, In a factory downtown. And if I had my little way, Id eat peaches everyday, Sun soakin' bulges in the shade.  Movin to the country, gonna eat alot of peaches, Movin to the country, gonna eat alot of peaches, Movin to the country, gonna eat alot of peaches, Movin to the country, gonna eat alot of peaches.  I took a little nap where the roots all twist, Squished a rotten peach in my fist, And dreamed about you, woman I poked my finger down inside, make a little room for an ant to hide, Nature's candy in my hand, or can, or pie.  Millions of peaches, peaches for me, Millions of peaches, peaches for free, (repeat till fade) -The Presidents of the United States, "peaches"HelLo.   "bored as hell and i wanna get ill so i go to the place where my homeboys chill.."  HuMm. sick and bored part is right.  guitar @ 3.   YayAa.   Finals today: not hard. health&english. easiest classes besides PE. 2morrow: math&spanish. espanol es facil.  I got two new stories for journalism. One on boys' baseball season. The other on fashion for winter-what's hot and what's not! Woo. Finally something I can work with. haha. J/K.  im out for now.   -e-ToO MuCh work! Finals all week. Urgh.   My CaRtOoN:  FinaLs=Bleh:-P=STUDYSTUDYSTUDY=nosleep= me: Bah bah, how you are am i??=other person: '-' ahh. what is she talking about?? but hey...thatz no more unusual than normal. Wuhaha.  Craving: christmas break Days till: 5((including 2day)) ScheDuLe this WeEk: Monday&Tues: aLL classes Wed: 1, 4 Thurs: 2, 5 Fri: 3, 6 WeD, Thurs, Friday=FINALS. EeeEEk.  I like block sheduling. I HATE Monday scheduling..and to think..I have to live through it tomorrow too. Ah.   I'm tired. If you're bored call me. But not during 7-8 b/c that's when THAT 70'S SHOW is on and I'm obsessed with it so I will probably not talk to you. Wuhaha.  Main line- 2658235 My line- 2656884  Fun times. ((not really))"U'd kill yourself 4 recognition kill urself 2 nevA ever stop u broke another mirror, ur turning n2 sumthin u r not dunt leave me high, dunt leave me dry dunt leave me high, dunt leave me dry drying ^ n conversation u will b the 1  who can not talk all ur insides fall 2 pieces u just sit there wishing u could still make love itz the best thing that u ever had the best thing that u ever, ever had it's the best thing that u ever had the best thing u ever had... has gone..." --Radiohead, "High & Dry"StiLL happy. eatin' sunshine for breakfast. hell, i'm shittin' sunshine. YaYa. Mm. fun times this happiness.  Gosh. It's their fault. LLoYd helped me see that. I LOVE YOU LLOYD! Ur the best.  LlOyDz LEtTeR 2 ME!:   Oh my god! I got so tired of hearing that name! supposively she's really popular at THAT SKOOL, which to me doesn't mean much since- well it is THAT SKOOL! lame THAT SKOOL  kids...half of them are going to die of starvation by trying to become an artist because of THAT SKOOL that makes kids think they can really become rich and famous from drawing...please...REALITY PEOPLE! the only famous artist I know of are dead! and so what if she is semi-popular at some school full of dumb little kids...there's only like 150 dumb little kids there anyway and if DOG likes her, his loss he's crazy and if you guys did happen to get married (which I'd try desperately to stop) he'd probably end up burning your house down or something...don't trip on him. I think of DOG as a BNP,yea maybe a little cuter but take away his semi- ok looks and take away the pyroticness and you've ended up with another BNP, you don't want that- do you?   POP QUIZ : "BNP and DOG, what do they both have in common?"- HOST  "They're both icky!"-contestant "Correctomundo!!...what do we got for em' Johnny?!"-host yes yes how sad it is...anyways yea, so call me @ my dads -Lloyd  ((*ALL NAMES HAVE BEEN CHANGED..EXCEPT LLOYD'S*))Mmm. I found a new love=DeViN's CaRmEL CoVeReD ChOcOLaTeS!! YAY! I'm in love :-*2morrow, I'm goin' 2 Bako for the weekend. Leaving b4 10am and returning Monday DAY.   Next week I'm over @ Lloyd's and we're gunna cruise around Concord Mall. But we're only buying a little cuz we're saving our real stuff for our one love. We both share the same love. :-*  So...G&H leave tomorrow and catch their flight @ 6am.   Huumph.  I don't know what else to talk about.  One of KdAwG's songs r stuck in my head:    She had to walk with a silicon cock sticking in her ass and one in her cunt. A butterfly vibrator strapped tight to her clit, But who's got the remote control?  That would belong to Louise, She got a new pet a vaginal tease. Mommy's litte girl aint gonna do what she please, If she don't wanna get a spankin'  She likes to speak like a six year old brat Mommy discipline me, you know i've been bad. Start witht a cat and she'll move to a crop Neither on is wiling to stop.  She knows that girls just wanna have fun, With four piercings on each side of her labia. A little luggage lock connecting each one, Prevents her girl from going astray.  Slut you think you've seen your master mean, You better lick my puss and asshole clean. Treat my clit like bubble gum, Bitch make me cum.  Its time for bed shell secure her head Between her thighs for a thorough nights suck Along with this shell be drinking her piss So Louise dont have to get up.  Two goddesses in love One resides below one reigns from above One adorns cuffs while one covets keys The purgatorial touch of Louise.."-NoFxMeRrY ChRiStMaS.  I love xmas.   YaY. GiFts!!  ShOpPin' WhEn EvERyThiN' iS On SaLE! woOhOO.  YaHyAh. Goin' 2 BuY CdS w/ GiFt CeRtiFs.  CDS: Nirvana-Nirvana, maybe nevermind or incesticide Queen-Greatest Hits --queer...thatz all I can think of right now...I know I want a lot though...--  ClOtHeS. YeSs. I remember when I was little I use to hate getting clothes for xmas. Now its like all I want. That(clothes),  urlLink jewelry , CDs, makeup-shitorother, or money. Yah never know whatcha might want later...Merry Christmas Eve Eve!Humm.I've been so overwhelmed since school got out that I have long ignored my duties of continually describing my most adventurous days.   Friday was discouraging. I found myself with a heavy heart. While the normals went about their routines, I felt akward and isolated. Perhaps the anticipation for break was beginning to wear on me. In any case, I spent the evening about in my PJs and enjoying the sweet melodies of another sufferer on the stereo. I thought my uppers and downers were over. I suppose it is all a state of mind.   I am deeply longing for the sweet morning of Christmas. The open fire hearth and cheery smiles of the morning should broaden my spirits. Until then I remain melancholy stationed in this position.    "And then she realized...they're all the SAME!"- notepad I looked over at a darling boutique in Sanoma. On the notepad, there is a woman accepting two different arms from two different gentlemen. Quite intriguing.He struts around like he's a bad ass when really he's done nothing incriminating. He's so fucking ugly, you wonder what happened in the birthing process. And you wonder, which parent was hideous? He gives you these sob stories so you feel sorry for him. He pretends he's a fuck up. You find the "bad boy" image exciting. You get wrapped up in it all and forget your sanity. Soon you're delirious saying things that you "like him". Get out. Now. Before it's too late. You might think you'll regret leaving him, but really after you're out of it and looking back, you'll regret not getting out sooner.Tonight: bowling w/ Munch, Manzo & NeLLy.   Names so you can better understand them:  Munch: AManda Heath LLoYD: Amanda Luippold KdAwG: KElsey Finnlayson KT: Katie Mehelish KAss: KAssidy GordenurlLink  take the emo quiz .created by  urlLink jessiMY Quiz results.   You scored 40%    The Sensitive Guy  Isn't he sweet? You definitely go for the guy who has a serious case of feelings -- whether he wears them on his sleeve or not. Manners seem important to him, and to you. And it's a good bet your soul mate would as easily tune in to ballads on the radio as he would stage a protest against cruelty to animals. Tapping into his soft side, however, may not always be so easy. A guy who's clued in to his feelings may also be protective of them. So if you find yourself face-to-face with one of these sweeties, don't wait for him to make the first move. Let him know you want to get to know him better. Sensitive types think with their heart as well as their brain -- he'll get the hint.  Humm. Sounds good. Like one of those emo-grunge-look-college guys. A sensitive and intellectual guy is very appealing. Especially if he's a rocker.Got this from a forward:   A poem for girls....   I shave my legs I sit down to pee.  And I can justify  any shopping spree.  Don't go to a barber but a beauty salon.  I can get a massage  without a hard-on.  I can balance the checkbook  I can pump my own gas.  Can talk to my friends  about the size of my ass. My beauty's a masterpiece  and yes, it takes long.  At least I can admit  to others when I'm wrong. I don't drive in circles at any cost.  And I don't have a problem  admitting I'm lost.  I never forget  an important date.  You just gotta deal with it  I'm usually late.  I don't watch movies  with lots of gore.  Don't need instant replay  to remember the score.  I won't lose my hair I don't get jock itch.  And just cause I'm assertive  Don't call me a bitch.  Don't say to your friends  Oh yeah, I can get her  In your dreams, my dear  I can do better!  Flowers are okay  But jewelry's best.  Look at me you idiot Not at my chest.  I don't have a problem  With Expressing my feelings.  I know when you're lying  You look at the ceiling.  DON'T call me a GIRL   a BABE or a CHICK .  I am a WOMAN.  Get it, you DICK?    huMm..now I think that's for those little girls that are mad at little boys.I've been confused lately. I like him. He likes me. What now?   Porcelain  Are you wasting away in your skin  Are you missing the love of your kin  Drifting and floating and fading away   Porcelain  Do you smell like a girl when you smile  Can you bear not to share with your child  Drifting and floating and fading away   Little lune  All day  Little lune   Porcelain  Do you carry the moon in your womb  Someone said that youre fading too soon  Drifting and floating and fading away   Porcelain  Are you wasting away in your skin  Are you missing the love of your kin  Nodding and melting and fading away   Little lune  All day  Little lune...I have nothing to type other than the fact I have nothing to type.Didn't go bowling. I want to see the HOT CHICK but everyone is dumb. I guess I will live.   I wasted a lot of time talking to shallow people today.   Geezus.   Well...I think I will do something else now.urlLink     What swear word are you?     brought to you by  urlLink QuizillaHAHAHA. I was bored and no one was online. On my AOL welcome screen, there's always a quote that some AOL user said. I clicked on it and it brought me to this:   Subject: Re: abercrombie or american eagle Date: 12/23/2002 9:32 AM Pacific Standard Time From: Dannyboone11491 Message-id:     Hey i saw this little post thing that u've got going here and Abercrombie and AE are both kewl places however Im a very cheap person and the cheapest shirt i eva bought a AF was $20 and at AE $2.50 (thats right 2 dollars and 50 cents). Has ne 1 ever heard of a store called Aeropostale? It is a great store kinda like american eagle but the clothes dont look as worn out. They are like in the middle between AE & AF.  Oh by the way this goes to all the gothz/ skaters that think "preppy clothes r gay" all i have to say is if im driving in my car and i get pulled over i am less likley to get a ticket because i dont look like  friggin batman or somthing else weird. Personally i think all goths are jealous that they cant look half as good as preps do Dan    HAHA. BATMAN ROCKS!urlLink     What's YOUR sexual fetish?     brought to you by  urlLink QuizillaurlLink     What Self-Mutilation Are You?     brought to you by  urlLink QuizillaurlLink     Which guy are you destined to have sex with?     brought to you by  urlLink Quizilla    OMG. we're destined....Teen Celebrity Match      Score! Your celebrity match is Heath Ledger!    Heath Ledger   C'mon, you know there's a part of you that dreams about being swept off your feet by a blond-haired, blue-eyed rebel. Today's your lucky day. You've been matched with Heath Ledger because he's strong enough to make his own decisions.   From the land that brought us Mel Gibson and Russell Crowe, Heath's the latest tough guy to rise up from Down Under. And even on the verge of mega-stardom, Heath treats everyone with respectfrom costars to fans.   Heath has no problem going head-to-head against Hollywood expectations. No more teen flicks for him (unless of course he wants them).   A date with young Ledger could very well begin in a quiet bistro in some undiscovered, hip part of town. Granted, you're going to have a hard enough time resisting his Aussie accent. But after dinner, when he gets you on the dance floor, make sure there's a chair nearby. He'll have your head spinning just as fast as your heart.     HELL YAH! HEATH IS HOTT!  ToOdLes.Which candy heart are you? I am:   Hot Stuff   When you reach into the candy heart bag, there's no doubt you're coming up with a fire red heart that reads "Hot Stuff." It's not so much a label as it's your style  turning heads, getting numbers and raising room temperatures a few degrees when you walk through the door.   You'd love someone who could match your flame-throwing ways, but so far, everyone just melts like wax when you turn on the heat.   Got a romantic fireside dinner planned for you and your very own hottie? Better keep a hose nearby because sparks could start flying.   And if you're still on the prowl, waiting to find someone who can hold their own against your undeniable sense of romance and action, keep a close watch. They're sure to come around soon when they see your "Hot Stuff" coming their way.The Love Test       Elyse, when you're head over heels, you are a  Prized Partner    You appreciate the finer things in life and tend to seek out others who share your refined tastes. High fashion, gourmet meals, luxurious getaways  these are the kinds of things that you enjoy. If you can experience them with a worldly, stylish mate, all the better. You are drawn to people who know how to take care of themselves and are hooked in socially. Whether you're out at a club or a restaurant opening, it's important to you to be part of the scene.   Love does change you. Whether it simply enhances who you already are, or makes you a completely different person, finding someone whose love personality compliments your own makes for the longest, happiest relationships."Life sucks doesn't it.."-KomplinArticle on drug warning signs:    Warning Signs It can be hard to know the difference between normal childhood behavior and behavior caused by drug use. Changes in hairstyle or dress may alarm parents but may be normal behaviors. On the other hand, changes that are extreme or sudden may signal drug use.   It may help to ask yourself the following questions:   Does my child seem withdrawn, depressed, or tired?  Has my child become hostile or uncooperative?  Have my child's relationships with other family members changed?  Has my child dropped his old friends?  Has my child lost interest in or drastically changed his appearance?  Has my child lost interest in hobbies, sports, or other favorite activities?  Have my child's eating or sleeping patterns changed?  Does my child suffer from headaches, nosebleeds, or other physical problems for no apparent reason?  Have I noticed the odor of chemicals or drugs around my child?  Do aerosol products at home seem to be used much too quickly?   Positive answers to such questions may indicate drug use. However, these signs may also apply to a child who is not using drugs but who may have other problems, such as depression or an eating disorder.   Be aware of common drug paraphernalia. Possession of items such as pipes, rolling papers, small medicine bottles, cans of whipped cream or other aerosol products, or syringes may signal that your child is using drugs.Nothing  Nothing's good.  Nothing's right. Nothing lets me sleep all night. Because when I get up nothing will be there. Nothing shows that no one cares. Nothing is with me all the time. Nothing is on my mind. Nothing is feared. Nothing is weird. Nothing is my only friend. Nothing will be here in the end. Nothing helps me through the day. Nothing and no one shows me the way. I live for nothing. I get nothing. Nothing is me.I came online b/c I got bored watching BOB VILLA's t.v. show my mom is obsessed with. Mr. Villa went to some store which stocks up old wardrobes. My mom also has an obsession with wardrobes and that show isn't helping. All Mr. Villa is doing is talking to a clerk about the wardrobe. They call that "entertainment".  I went to Ana Nuevo yesterday with mi familia. We watched elephant seals..Oh JoY. :-P As we were driving there I thought I was going to die b/c I had the hugest headache and felt like I was going to barf.   Certain people keep mentioning to me that VDay is coming up. They like me but are trying to be secretive. I don't like anyone.  That's all for now..I got up @ Kassidy's. Her dad drove us to sball thingy. Kelly drove us back to Kassidy's. Called my mom. Came home. Went online. Slept. Showered. Got back into PJs. Thinking things over. The kid I dumped. Yah. Great times. His friends are standing on my neck trying to get my to reconsider. I have my own problems to deal with. I don't need his also. They say he's suicidal. Whoa: that is only 1/3 of the teenagers in the US. Everyone is suicidal unless they're some kind of happy freak. I am not suicidal but I think things would be much easier if I were gone. I also don't want to be responsible for this boy's death. What to do..What to do..?  "This is my stop.  Time to get off. Excuse me.  Excuse me. Not trying to be direct. (La La La) You're standing on my neck. (La La La) You're standing on my neck."-Opening to DARIA.Hi. I haven't written in awhile. A lot has happend. Nothing worth mentioning...besides some fat whore named "Cunt" is getting all ghetto towards me thinking she can scare me off. Also, I went out with a kid and dumped him. Yeah, that's it. Tonight I'm heading over to Kassidy's. Lloyd is @ her dad's. I don't like blogger.com. In fact, it's just as bad as AOL. Whatever. Anyway. "Dog" business. That's over. School has pretty much been the same. I can't stand math class. I have softball everyday from 2-5. I hate the phrase: "Woo..hoo!" I have been listening to STROKE 9 over and over again the past week. I stare at the ceiling and listen. It's a crazy world. Radiohead is fucking awesome. I like "High and Dry". In fact, that was my favortie song a few summers ago. Yeah, so tomorrow I have to wake up bright and early to go work at a crab frestival or something. This is the annual fund raiser for school sports. The freshman sball team has to go. Rick(coach) is bringing doughnuts. Yum. I hate corn. I like Doritos though. That's mighty good corn. I don't understand how someone can know someone so well yet at the same time be so confused and feel separated from them. I guess that makes sense if you know what I mean. What the hell is wrong with me anyway? I hate it when people act shallow but I do it myself b/c I'm afraid of getting fat. The end."Bird" wanted to come over but I told him "no". I don't want to see anyone today. I got TUCK EVERLASTING from the movie store today. I remember when Lloyd and I saw that. We cried for thirty minutes straight. Haha. What dorks. I have yet to watch it.   Finch is awesome.  It's a beautiful day. Yet, I feel misplaced. I think too much about things that shouldn't be thought about.     "Here I am beside myself again Im torn apart by words that you said All in all, I know were falling apart Where did you run to so far away And here we are to sing you a song And there you are asleep against the windowpane Just like always You said you like to hear the rain sometimes All I can do is tell you the truth Oh my eyes will the tell you the same Here we are to sing you a song And there you are asleep again Grasping our hands together, we feel we are one result"-Finch, "Ender"urlLink Thinking of killing yourself?    urlLink Do you wear faded jeans?"I don't stand a chance in this fucked up world. New school took romance. But your new eyes. Swept me to a size. Made it hard to see. My reality.  You say I'm blind. I think you're wrong. Harriet's got a song. When we combine Nothing goes wrong. Harriet's got a song." -Ben Kweller (Harriet's Got a Song)"The truth is you could slit my throat and with my one last gasping breath I'd apologise for bleeding on your shirt."I'm at Kelsey's (Kdawg) house. She's getting ready and we're going to go downtown to Chef's market. Summer school sucks major. It's easy though. PD is coming over tomorrow. We're gunna drink soda pop. That's all.i went to chef's tonight with pd, kelsey, cartel, mat and ryan. drank soda pop again. yum. we're (pd n me) going out..i think.Hey. Sunday again. Means softball is later. :-P Went to chef's again on friday. this time drank way too much soda pop. yeah...one week for m n pd.Ian's coming back on WeD (tomorrow). More than a month I'd say. Softball tonight. My last game with the Sherriffs. I have an "ALL-Star" game on tuesday or sometime. I'm going to Santa Cruz with Katie Thursday through Saturday. Maybe be back Sunday if we go to Bonfante Gardens or something. Well...Katie is singing a song with my brother.Ian's home. He called me. I really don't know what to think. Whatever Moose told me is not to be discussed. I watched Ann of Green Gables today. I love those movies. I want to drink soda. I get off grounding this Wednesday. I have to go to a little conference things for sophomores though. On Friday I'm going to go t Chef's. I'm determined.I've decided I like AFI because of this song. Their CD has never gotten this much use from me.    I saw a star beneath the stairs glowing through the melting walls.  Who will be the first to begin their fall?  Or will we become one?  Am I the star beneath the stairs?  Am I a ghost upon the stage?  Am I your anything? I saw a star beneath the stairs glowing bright before descent  and in the morning there is nothing left but what's inside of me.	 And I don't want to die tonight; will you believe in me?  And I don't want to fall into the light.  Will you wish upon?  Will you walk upon me? I don't want to die tonight.  Will you.im grounded....call and make it betterToday, I'm going shopping with my mother and possibly KAtie. Just getting some pants since the vast majority of back to school shopping was done awhile ago. After, we're going to see tomb raider. I had weird dreams last night. A lot of my dreams lately have involved The White Stripes. I also dreamed that I was a ride operator, I could talk to people through a radio, and that I was always late for softball. Weird times. The other night I dreamed something so horrible and in my dream I was full-on crying. I woke up and my eyes were watering but I never had a dream effect me like so. InTeREStiNg. I'm tired. I miss Ian. :( He's going to miss the NV fair. School starts too soon and I have a conference to get my schedule on the 13th.  I have to sign up for drivers training then. JoY* I'm taking: alg2, art, his, bio, eng, and...?? It'll be great when I can drive. I'll get my license March of next year. HA--> It's weird that Ian's birthday is March 10th and mine is March 16th. AmAzinG. I can't wait for school..not. Well at least I'll be a sophomore now. I get to go off campus LEAGALLY this year. WeLL tOOdLE LOO.oh yeah ian comes back on saturday. I found that out today. What great times. I want to drink my soda pop.     I HATE YOU.    This pathetic meaningless life is suffocating me.Open up your hate and let it flow into me.I hate it when I sign online and fivebiZiLLion people who have nothing better to do, IM me. They do it to get some kind of entertainment. The only people I like talk to are: Narissa, Nelisse, Katie, DAvid, Kelsey(if she's ever on), Matt C., Mathew S., Gabe, Wick and a few others. Everyone else just annoys the fucking shit out of me.   Example(*names have been changed*):   DiRtYSkAnKYhoE(8:00PM):  HEY ELYSE!!!!!!!  Me(8:05PM):  hello  DiRtYSkAnKYhoE(8:05PM):  WHAT ARE YOU DOING!??!  Me(8:08PM):  nothing  DiRtYSkAnKYhoE(8:08PM):  OH MY GOD THE OTHER DAY I WENT SHOPPING AND I SAW THE HOTTEST GUY EVERR AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH. HE HAD ONE OF THOSE PREPPY SHAGS. NOT sO Sk8Er Boi MORE LIkE PrEP!  Me(8:12PM):  cool  DiRtYSkAnKYhoE(8:12PM):  I BOUGHT A SHIRT FROM ABERCROMBIE! IT'S SOOOO CUtEe. IT HAS BLA BLA BLA AND IT LOOKS LIKE AVRIL'S!! OH MY GOD!  Me(8:16PM):  cool  DiRtYSkAnKYhoE(8:16PM):  I HELLLLLLA waNT tO GO To tHE LAaaaaaKE. OH MY GOD. IT'S sOooooo FUn ThEre B/c THEre'S heLLLLLLLa HoT GuYS!  Me(8:24PM):  cool  DiRtYSkAnKYhoE(8:24PM):  WeLL I GoTTa MoToR tO tHE CoaTEr..HeheHEeHeHeeh. BYEEEEEE. xOxOX. I lOOOOOVe YoOUU.  Me(8:30PM):  bi  AOL--> The last message was not sent because   DiRtYSkAnKYhoE   is offline.   ....That's mainly how it goes. The person will tell me about their pathetic life or how they think *this guy* is "hott" this week. They have no substance and eventually when I don't join in their conversation about themself they stop talking to me or leave. Ha, it amuses me in some sense. Most times I don't respond but lately I've felt nice.Today I woke up at 8 in the morning because my mom said my breakfast was getting cold. My mom never makes breakfast and I never eat it. Today however, I thought I should. It was coffee cake. YuM. Then I got ready because I had to go get some shoes since the ones I got from Norsdstrom's have a broken shoelace hole(stupid ass store and their fucked shoes).  Well, we went to the Napa Outlets. What..a...selection(sarcasm). I did find some in a discount shoe store. They were cute and called "Serena by Sam and Libby". Only problem, they resembled shoes my grandma would wear crossed with ballet slippers. I didn't get them.   We went home. I went online for awhile because I have nothing to do since I'm grounded till Wednesday. I talked to Narissa. I forgot how talking to a friend can be so enjoyable. I told her about what's going on with me. Then she said she was going to write a poem about me. She writes very descriptive, good poems-->  urlLink CHECK THEM OUT.    Anyway, my computer was lame and kicked me off. Then I tried to sign back on but the DSL "couldn't find a connection". By the time I got back on, everyone was off. Such a joy*  Needless to say I got off and went to see what people in my household were doing. My brother is not grounded(lucky bastard) and was going to play soccer. My mom was doing whatever but she told me if I took my laces out of my shoes they lace-hole problem was fixed and the shoes look cuter. HA and they do. They're suppose to be ballerina type things. They're pink sneaker type things with long laces to wrap around your ankle. Take the laces out and you've just got on a slip-in shoe. They kind of look like converse all-stars. Only they're not because I hate those shoes.   Yes..my life is so very interesting. Actually I usually neglect this blogger thing but I'm looking for some titillation.   Ian's going somewhere with His friend Matt tomorrow. Ian called me yesterday but hasn't called since. Oh well.   I'm going to Chef's this Friday because WEDNESDAY, I'm off  GROUndiNg .  Watch out !!You think you know a person but you really don't. You think you're they're friend but you really aren't. It's a shattering feeling to know that you mean nothing.I haven't written in here in a long time. In some ways I almost like this better than teen open diary. Well toodle loo butt fucks.www.teenopendiary.com ----> elysicidalI don't remember falling asleep.I'm  not   drown  ing   fast     enough   .I liked it better when you were quiet.      Now you're loud. And sociable. I liked it when you were shy. I liked you.  I don't know what I do now.You feel  guilty  don't you? That's  why  you're being  nice . Fuck  your  niceness.Free love man. REal sexy free love.It  don't   hurt  Like it  did  I can  sing  my song ag ain .So I had this idea to cut my hair    at 12am last night. So I did. I tried to make it short in the back and long in the front. It looks  interesting . A lot of people were saying they liked it today + didn't believe that I actually cut it.  But I did.  Next time, I'll go for a run. Waste my energy on other things. *This boy* I know is dumb. He wants my poon + he is always all over me. I hate it. He wants to talk to thisotherkid for some reason + be like:"Is it okay if I like Elyse?" I think that is bullshit. I am no one's property + he shouldn't involve thisotherkid. Besides I don't even like this dumb boy. He always makes sexual advances towards me at school. Whatevs.  I wanted to hang out with Sarah, Matt, Jon  Another wasted Friday night.  Maybe tomorrow will be better. I leave for Bakersfield the day school gets out. I am excited. Kinda.  ElyseReeba  Gumbo:  ur my sexy hippy love. Mmm..hott curly headed funky shorts babe.. JonI LOVE MY WIFEY BRIE.     I'm going her in the anus right now.Oh little boy, how you make me laugh.Today, I saw  through  you.        I'm always blind in my dreams. I can't open my eyes   w  i  d  e  enough. All I see is  white  and sunlight. I want to see  so  badly but I can't. I can never see.      Today  I saw purely though. I saw inside of you. I saw the true you. I  don't  like you. I use to but you've changed. You're  completely  not the same.  I shouldn't have pushed it. But that's what I do.  I push.          And Push.                       And Push.  Until you go away. Then I say, "Well I guess you never liked      I  love  how you lie to me. Makes me feel good inside. I soak up your lies + believe them as truths. Lies are sometimes better than reality. Lie to me, becos I'll believe you. I  want  to believe you.  But the little things don't matter as much anymore...  I'm over it.  But then again I'm not. I'm just numb to everything  again .   I'm in my own world  again .  It's in my head. A deep stage of denial. It makes me strong.   Becos I escape you, he, she, it, them, us. Gone.  I love it.   ...Hey  boy , take a  look  at  me  Let me  dirty   up  your mind...      Today you saw me. And you were scared. You knew I saw through you. You knew I didn't care. I love how you're completely not what I want. I love how you completely are. I love how I like you completely. I love how you complete me.     Isn't it queer when you think you know someone so much but it turns out you really don't? I love being dissapointed, don't you? Don't you love feeling like the world is coming unglued? Don't you love staying up all night becos you're manic moods won't let you sleep? Don't you love sleeping all day becos thoughts are too much to think?  Don't you love it?   Don't   you   love  it? Don't you? You've gotta love it. Becos you do it to yourself  over  and  over  again.  Stupid girl.  Elyse   I can't move on. But I can't take it. I want to move on. But I can't fake it.April showers bring May flowers.   Where are my flowers?  bitch.     I'm  still  in  LOVE .me.  I've decided I like this place better than teenopendiary right now. So I will start writing in here again. Nothing too exciting is going on. I guess I should catch everyone up on what's been happening.  The last time I wrote in here was like summer. Basically, Ian + I lasted a really long time(+5months). Till November, then I dumped him. He was too annoying. I then dated my best guy friend, Johnny, for a couple of weeks. That was a bad idea becos he was also my best friend Narissa's love. Then I dated a freshman, David Laning. I liked him. I'm single right now. Technically. I cut my hair. It was so long. I cut it to about my chin. It dyed it black, then undyed it. It's to my shoulders now. Katie + I are still really good friends we just don't hang out everyday anymore. Mainly becos I go to Justin-Siena now. It's the private catholic school. Not my choice. I ditched, drank, + smoked too much so my mom sent me there. During Christmas break, I was sent to my dad's. It was basically like rehab, no drugs, no alcohol, just focusing on myself. It helped a lot. Helped me accept going to Justin + I shouldn't waste my life away. Justin's alright though. I've made some cool new friends.  I can't control my alcohol. I learn things the hard way. I was okay but then in February, I got suspended for drinking on campus which now I'm in AA for. Then I later got expelled, on my birthday (MARCH 16th) for having alcohol on campus. It was a present from someone. Yeah, so I was out of school for +2 weeks. I didn't do anything. I just stayed at home or wandered around town. Sarah, Matt D + Greg made it worthwhile though. They visited me a lot. They're good friends.  I liked Greg for awhile + he liked me. Then I ruined it about a month ago. I went to Narissa + Nelisse's house + got too drunk. I jumped out of his car + basically just had him be my sober bitch. It was terrible. He didn't really talk to my for a week after that. And we haven't kissed since then. So I don't know. We talk. We're just good friends right now. I'm okay with that. Most of the time.. Summer's soon anyway. I'm going to go to my dad's again. I will be there for +1 month. It's how my mom gets rid of me. And I have to say I pretty much enjoy it. I have friends there. Plus it's relaxing. I don't get depressed while I'm there. I love it. I can't take school anymore. It's terrible. I'm probably going to be ditching a lot these last 3 weeks. I'm about to strangle everyone.    A lot of things have changed    This blog was with me at the beggining of my alcohol addiction. Hopefully it will be with me in the end. I'm getting it under control. I've been sober 30 days. This is a record for me. Plus, they've finally got me on anti-depressants. My posts probably won't be as bipolar as they use to. I don't feel as much. I'm going to start smoking pot full time now. I'm buying a bubbler. I'm not addicted to pot so I won't have a problem with it. And whenever I feel like drinking I will smoke. I cam control myself stoned.  Right now, it's Sunday. It's 9:44 am. I don't think I'll be doing much today.  Sarah should be back from Hawaii soon. School tomorrow. David Williamson has been calling lately. I messed around with him awhile ago. Now he calls whenever he wants poon. I made a new friend. His name is Jon. He's my friend Vanessa's friend. I think he's really cute. He thinks I'm cute too. Mmm. Narissa + Nelisse seem to be busy doing their own thing. I miss them a lot. Last time I hung out with Katie was like 3 weeks ago + we went to the beach. I got a killer tan, man.  I just don't know anything anymore. I'm tired with all the drama of the year. I'm ready for it to be over. I just don't care anymore. I've had enough shit this year it seems like I'm 40. I feel older than I am. I've had to deal with a lot more shit than most people my age. I'm tired. No wonder I sleep all day. There's so much more I want to say I just don't know how to get it all out.  I've so completely screwed myself this whole year + now I'm recoupperating. Maybe one day I will be sane. For the past few weeks, I've puked up everything I've eaten. I can't handle it in my tummy. I feel it. And it drives me mad. Sometimes I puke blood. Most times, puke comes out my nose. I know you're thinking  ew that's gross you have a problem . But deal with it. It's my fucking body + my choices. I know I'm unhealthy. I've always been. I'm working on it. It still doesn't help the fact I think I'm fat. Or ugly. That's one thing I did when I was drunk, I kept saying "I'm so fat + ugly." I don't care if you don't think so. Becos I don't care what you think. I care what I think. I know this is self-destructive + unhealthy. But that's what I am. You don't have to be okay with it, you don't even have to accept it. But this is how it is. I'm so tired of people telling me how I should be. Fuck them. This is how I am. I'm dealing with it.  It's all just a phase. I'm hoping everything will one day pass. Like a bad dream. One day I will wake up. Let me sleep till then.  Elysethis is mine.I'd stop the world and melt with you.      Today Kt and I went to the lake and got sexy. Jealous? I bet.erm...that down below was a  joke ..humm. yes. rioght? yes.sorry i am d runk and mty ame is fgay cyz u an durnk and i love you all ...whay i caled tou? well i dundt remember..?!??!?!!?!?!??!!!?!?!? jann i am so coo.. my hang hurts cyz natt tikd saras nnndud wedo toyu tyhinki am gat? cuz jon ektees likes me and i like gregf gay buye he likes somesneior chic that he wenr out to lunch whith, u think i am gat well that is coool cuz i was suppose to meat tommy or hwat his nam.e.....tony by the vhs but i toppe d over r tok ant my geet fhurt. please vous teaime?!?!?!!!?!!!?! jsr jokcin... naye u dsiuks kuje jin okay i like jon okay? is trhat betteR??! yu liuek it beeter wgeb tiu areijat>!?? fycj u an bir a kurrkw fduej! i am nit a little fiek! gir, giel girl io am forwn up!urlLink my new journal /I feel sick  .  I leave for my dad's this friday. Goodbye Napa.     I got white glasses and they look like those^. Like Kurt's.          Sometimes I amaze myself.God, don't people piss you off? FCUk they piss me off. How can anyone be so stupid. FUCK.   FUCK YOURSELF.I....don't.....know.This weekend I lived in my bathing suit.    Friday:  went over to Sarah's after school. Hung out. Later that night went to Katie's. Watched ALMOST FAMOUS + dating shows.   Saturday:  Got up, went to the lake with Kt + Kathe + Kathe's friend. Sat in the sun. Baked. Kayaking. Avoiding fishes. Came home. Went over to my house. Stayed up all night online. Fell asleep.  Sunday:  Went to Kt's Nana's. Swam. Watched SCARY MOVIE 3 + I LOVE YOU, I LOVE YOU NOT. Some Claire Danes   Monday: Went home about 11. Studied for finals.   This  week will be eventless. As far as I can tell. But soon enough it will be Thursday. And that is the last day of school. Friday I will leave to Bako. I'm trying to get Kt to come with me. Hella sick fukka. Yuh man.    I let MTV brainwash me today + I came away with wanting to buy the new Janet Jackson album.    I'm peacin homes.  Elysefcuk    it's another late night. you know the routine. up too late. can't go to bed. I'm wired man. Real wired. I can't sleep. Sleep would ruin me. Gotta keep the manic mode. Haven't showered in two days. I bet I'm real sexy. You know I am. But enough with the bullshiot. I'm hurting someone who is very nice to me. And I like it. Why? Becos I'm a biotch. Fcuk yah. I'm a fcuking whore. Dude. I love being so cool in every way. But I don't really. I don't really enjoy it. I don't enjoy anything. Becos it's fake. Becos they follow the crowd. BEcos they talk about the same things everyday. Becos I do the same thing.  I am on a self destructive roller coaster. Wanna join?
new file
Planning the Marathon   I checked Active.com, and the registration for the 2005 Spirit of St. Louis Marathon doesn't open until 8am August 15.&nbsp; I'm planning to get online at 8:01am and signup.&nbsp;   I like doing triathlons andwill probably sign up for another one next year, but I think that I'm going to make running my primary focus for the next 6 months after the tri, starting with the half-marathon.&nbsp; I think I'm going to find a 10k for October, and maybe join the StL Track Club for their winter race series.I Must Be Crazy   So, here I am, less than 6 months from my first ever race (2004 Spirit of St. Louis 5K - 34:57), and now I've signed up for the Lewis &amp; Clark Half-Marathon on Sept. 18, 2004. I'm trying to work up to the 2005 Spirit of St. Louis Marathon. Then I want to run an ultra next year, too. I think I can do it...if it's a road ultra, at least. I'm looking forward to increasing my mileage slowly. This is the start of my blog to chronicle my training to reach these goals.Running "Up" in Forest Park   There is a 6 mile loop (it's actually about 5.7 miles) at Forest Park in St. Louis.  The St. Louis Triathlon Club runs there every Wednesday at 5:30pm, and as a member, I try to get out to run with them.  One way around the park goes up a long hill parallel to Skinker Ave., and the other way goes down.  I run with the club a month ago and went "down" in 1:06 and some seconds (5.70mi).  I figure that I paced myself pretty good that time, I went through the first mile really fast, and that had been my longest run of the year.  Yesterday, we ran "up", and it turns out the distance up is 5.72, but then again, you are running on the outside lane, so that's the difference.  1:04:08!  Good pacing, strong running, and the uphill was only about a minute and a half slower than the overall pace of the run, so that's great.  I'm sure my down time will improve significantly my next time out.  I feel strong and fast at the end of my 4-6 miles runs now, which means the long runs are doing what they are supposed to do.  My asthma is still holding me back during the second and third mile, but I think I'm going out too fast.  I went under 10:00 pace for the first mile again yesterday.  If I didn't have to take so many walking breaks, I think that I would be able to hold 10:xx pace the whole time.  Also, my left calf was killing me yesterday and this morning until I hit it with some cold water in the shower.  Adjusting to my new shoes (Pearl Izumi Push+) is going to be a pain in the ass.  *"Up", "down"...this sounds like the Comrades Marathon...only about 10 times shorter*Too Many Days Off   Yeah, that's right, a 5 day layoff.  All that talk about skipping a day, and wanting to run, but, alas, life changed and it was not meant to be.  I hung out with my wife on Friday because she got a day off, and then Saturday I worked for about 9 hours on her car, and I just didn't have the energy to do 9 miles after that.  But I finally ran today.   4.09mi in 48:19.  I finished really strong, and I tried to push through and run most of it, but I just don't have the legs yet for 4 miles straight running. But that's cool. I'm ready to keep up the work. It's all about improving over months, not weeks. I'm looking to improve my speed for the next year. That's the goal. I know the endurance will go up as I crank the mileage up. I think I'll add some speedwork in the form of fartleks or long intervals (800-1600) to finish out this year, maybe even Yasso 800's, and then put snap in my running next year with quarters.  I'm thinking about getting Daniel's Running Formula.  I've heard it's a very good book.On Days Not Running...   I don't know how I feel yet about not running and wanting to. I wanted to run yesterday, but I didn't. I figured that I needed to take a day off, because I'd run the two previous days, and then I'm running tonight and the long run (9 miles) on Saturday. I guess I'm okay with that, but it's weird wanting to run and not going. I know that I need to take a day off, and I can't crank up my mileage too fast or I'll hurt myself. That would be bad with only 4 weeks to the triathlon and 6 weeks to the half-marathon. I think I'm starting to get nervous, but I'm not recognizing it yet. I know I can finish both races, and I think I'll hit my time goals (sub-1:20:00 for the tri and under 2:45:00 for the half-marathon -- that's 12:30min/mi pace), so that's not the problem. I'm just not used to this kind of pressure. But it's GOOD pressure, don't get me wrong. Having goals and making plans of this sort is a good thing. And it all leads me toward a healthier, happier life. I kinda like to be a little twisted about all this. It makes me realize how much I want it, and how much I am willing to work for it.Going nowhere fast...   I hate treadmill running.  I mean, okay, I know I should be thankful, 'cause I can run anytime, and I never would have gotten started without the treadmill at the Y, but man, time sure does drag, except when I'm on a walk break, and then I forget how long I've walked 'cause I'm too busy listening to music or watching the TV's.  Yes, yes, I know, it's my fault.  I don't have to like it, though.  Here's the details:  4.00 miles - 48:46  On to better stuff...I'm really enjoying this whole running thing.  I started to do this to keep my weight dropping and health and yadda, yadda, but I'm really starting to like it.  And I'm looking at getting a second pair of shoes.  Turns out I underpronate a little, so I'm checking out the Pearl Izumi Push+.  And at only 80 bucks, I can't go wrong.   I think I want to race in October...Old Race Reports   This is a copy of my old race report to the Tri-deads.   RR: My very first race (or, Let the sneezing begin).. .  Sorry this is so late. What can I say, I got married two weeks later. :0)  St. Louis Marathon CEO 5K Run/Walk April 3, 2004 Time: 34:57  Short report: Fun race, got to watch the Women's Olympic Marathon Trials beforehand, perfect day to run (sunny and about 70 degrees), and I got enough dust up my nose to sneeze continuously for three days afterwards.  Long report:  I decided a long time ago that I was going to run a couple of 5K's before my first triathlon to test fitness and get some experience out in a race atmosphere, considering I do most of my training by myself. I wanted something big enough that I wouldn't be alone on the course when they picked up the finish line, but I didn't want to have to travel too far to get there. What better choice than a run in St. Louis, which is about 20 min. from my house (even though I live in Illinois). So I signed up for the 5K, a good starters distance I felt (and just slightly longer than the distance of the run for my tri in Sept.), and because I figured I had too much facial hair to sneak into the 1 mile fun run for the kids. I signed up around Dec. and didn't here much back after that, except that packet pickup was to be the day before the race (turns out I got number 20...talk about signing up early!). So I set about increasing my distance slowly, improving my speed, etc. Then the problems started, as they always do. First, I go and get engaged to the woman I want to spend the rest of my life with...there goes 14 whirlwind days of training out the window as I turned from a die-hard training fool into a soft and lovable never-able-to-go-away-from-my-girl fool. Ah, well, it happens, so I wasn't concerned. Ironically enough, my first day back training was...Valentine's Day...go figure. Next comes the exciting world of calf injuries, but I was able to rest and ice and get back on the treadmill to tough it out. Finally, I get to race day. My first ever. And the day of the Marathon Trials. So I wake up early, put down a Snicker's Marathon bar and start sipping on the Gatorade as I drive to the race site in beautiful Forest Park. If you ever come to St. Louis, this is the place to run! Wide bike/walking paths with wonderful scenery and just minutes from downtown (sorry, have to plug my home...Go Cardinals!!!). Anyway, I caught the last 30 minutes of the race and watched as Deena made the team with a second place finish, along with Colleen De Reuck winning and Jen Rhines taking third place. I then cruised over to the starting line of my race to wait out the last hour before it was time to go. Did I mention that drinking 32 oz. of Gatorade and 18 oz. of water an hour before a race does nothing but make you jog to the bathroom for that remain hour? Good times, let me tell you. So, after about 45 minutes of waiting and peeing and peeing some more, my parents showed up to wish me luck and watch my shuffle around in Forest Park. Oh, did I mention that my longest run before this was 5K...in February!!! I was looking forward to the first 2 miles but after that...well, we were just going to see what happened on the way back in. Finally, everyone started to herd over to the road were the race was to begin. I sprinted to the bathroom one last time (turns out that was the fastest I ran all day), and made my way into the crowd. I headed for the back of the pack (ah, home sweet home) and stood around waiting and joking with a few of the people around me. Suddenly, about 2 minutes to 11am, we hear a bang and everyone takes off running...and then stops. It turns out that the tire on a running stroller had popped, and sounded remarkably like a starter's pistol. Well, we stood around a little more and then everyone started to move in front of us. So we took off running. The first 200 meters was a nice downhill trot ("short strides, save the knees") and then onto the back portion of the marathon course, which was flat. Everything went quite smoothly, I was feeling good, and hanging with the guy I was talking to before the race (his name was Bill). We cruised out around a few corners and onto the flat roadways that made up the bulk of the course. The wind was blowing up a lot of dirt that made my eyes sting by the time I got to the water station, which was about halfway through. I can say with some certainity that I did not make it to the first mile markers before the leaders came back through, and we all cheered loudly for them. I was afraid at one point that a few of the thinner ones might be blown off the course from the 10 mph crosswind, but everybody made it out alright. I only had to walk a few times during the race, mostly because I can't drink water from a plastic cup and shuffle at the same time. And I got to spill most of it down the front of my shirt in front of the motorcycle cops watching a group of young, attractive ladies behind me. Yes, yes, I am Mr. Smooth. Lots of fun, nonetheless. It's quite a lot of fun to be able to run with other people. I especially enjoyed picking out the next runner in line and trying to catch them, and then doing it with the next person after I passed them. I finished strong and made sure I shuffled quickly the last 200 meters or so and started to haul @$$ when I saw that I could finish in under 35 minutes. And I did, with a 34:57. WOOHOO! Bill finished just behind me (about 600 meters out we decided to kick it in...yeah, that's what they call it). As soon as I hit the finish line and stopped running the sneezing hit. My nose went off every 15 - 20 seconds for the next four hours. I must have put half of the prairie up my nostrils, because the sneezing didn't subside for three days. I didn't care, through, 'cause I went out and ran and had a great time. The post race bagels from The St. Louis Bread Company hit the spot and I enjoyed myself immensely. I can't wait for the next race.  Have a great day, everybody!!!  AdamChasing the dream...or being chased while dreaming?   So I was out for my run last night, a quick 3 miles before my longer run tonight.  I was pushing harder than usual to try and pick up my average pace, and it was already 7:30pm when I started, so I wanted to go home and eat.  Well, I got out to my turnaround point and found a collection of some kind of flying insect buzzing the trail.  I tried to run around them, and suddenly, I got dive bombed.  So, I turned around and burned rubber to get out of there.  Picture this, me, sprinting down the trail, being buzzed by some kind of bee/wasp/hornet/horsefly at my overwhelming 9 min/mile pace.  Yeah, sue me, I have allergies.   When I got home, I thought about this (searching for the positive).  It must have looked pretty damn funny, actually.  Well, I got a good, hard run in, so I can't complain.  I was also able to calm my breathing after the panting from the initial scare and the subsequent attacks and keep it steady.  That's got to mean something positive.  Here's the details:  3.04 miles - 33:20  In the words of REO Speedwagon: Keep pushing on!!
new file
The astute among you will note that this run is a minute shorter than the 5th one.  This run was three minutes running, one minute walking--which is much harder than the previous run-walk ratio.  I was feeling good until the 4th repetition, which was difficult, and I really struggled through the 5th one.  Tonight I noticed a very odd sensation.  While I was happy to take the little walking breaks, I found that the moment I started running again after each break my legs felt really invigorated.  I'm sure there's some clever scientific name for this phenomenon.  However, I'm also sure there's  no  clever scientific name for the fact that I'm really, really glad tonight's run is over.So the pressing question was whether I should increase my total running time or decrease my walking time.  Since the schedule I'm following says to increase running time, I decided to do that.  They're the experts, after all--I'm just the one in the expensive shoes.  While today didn't exactly feel what I would call "good," it didn't feel bad either.  Actually, after my third repetition I felt like a million bucks; after my fourth, I flagged a bit.  But I made it through to my 7th repetition without feeling like my lungs were inside out.  I probably could have done 8 repetitions, if the truth be told, but I'm sure I'll regret saying that on Wednesday.  Jon has just decided to go on a health kick too; he says that he's going to join me in running.  I think I might be a little bit too slow for him.  Today I definitely felt like a jogger rather than a runner--I think it has to do with the massive amount of crap (chocolate syrup, ice cream, crisps, pizza, etc.) I've been eating over the past couple of days.I can assure you that it was not laughably easy.  It wasn't as hard as last time, but it still felt pretty painful.  I didn't start thinking I was going. to. die. until the 4th repetition, at which point I again told myself that I was only going to do 5 repetitions.  I even had all sorts of excuses figured out: I was running at midday in the sun; I was running in the park on uneven ground, I was feeling vaguely hung-over.  But in the end it was the thought of coming here and writing down the fact that I had wussed out that made me do the 6th repetition.  Now I have the reward of a hot bath.Tonight I decided to decrease the walking time between the periods of running.  I did 2 minutes on, one minute off, repeated 6 times.  After the first 2 repetitions, I felt like I was going. to. die.  But the middle two were fine; I was on top of the world.  I considered only doing 5 repetitions, but when I finished the 5th, I was further away from my house than I expected, so I slogged on to a 6th.  The 6th repetition was a real struggle.  I was literally forcing myself to put one foot in front of the other.  The knowledge of a hot bath was the only thing that kept me going.  Then I had to run past my house to finish out the time.  Psychologically, I found that upsetting.  I also find the people on the sidewalks upsetting.  I have this paranoid fantasy that all people who see me running are runners themselves, and they're critiquing me.  When I'm feeling slow and down, I find that forcing myself into a sprint helps me get past it.  Even though I'm not a fast runner by any means, I prefer to run at speed rather than to jog.  I'm not sure if this was a struggle because I didn't run for over a week, or if it was because it was genuinely more difficult than my last run.  Anyway, I'm sure I'll laugh at myself on Saturday when I go out and do the same run again and I find it laughably easy.I spent a long weekend in Edinburgh, doing more walking around than usual, but not doing any running.  In the meantime, however, my knee felt fantastic.  After the ACL surgery I lost most of my muscle tone, which meant that my kneecap wasn't tracking properly, which led to some clicking and aching when walking, especially when walking down steps.  Now, after only two runs, I can feel a real difference in the way my knee feels when going down stairs.  It's almost normal, which is something I don't take for granted.Tonight I did the 2 minutes running, 2 minutes walking deal (repeated 4 times), which is the recommended first run for 10 training according to the schedule I've decided to use.  I have to admit that it was far too easy.  I came in the house having not even broken a sweat.  Because it was so easy, I'm not sure whether to increase the overall time out or decrease the in-between walking times.  There seem to be definite advantages and disadvantages to both.My initial plan was to start on a basic 10k training schedule,  urlLink as described here .  However, tonight--my first night out--was still a little bit of a tester, so I ran for 1 minute, walked for 1 minute, and repeated that 6 times.  It was reasonably hard work, but it wasn't anything scary, and my knee felt fine.  I feel that I am ready to move onto the proper 10k training schedule.Whoever reads this (if there is anyone) might think I'm not taking this running thing very seriously.  I am, believe me, but you have to understand that the past few weeks and the next few weeks are full up.  There are plenty of nights where I get 5 hours of sleep because I'm busy doing things I must do (and there's precious little reading or watching TV going on), then the next day I'm shattered because I only got 5 hours of sleep.  Fitting in half an hour of running, while technically feasible, is not always an incredibly attractive option.  Cycling, however, is a happy medium.  But I have been afraid to cycle recently for two reasons:  1) Last October, running + cycling really made my knee hurt.  Running was ok, but cycling actually caused my knee to react so badly that I couldn't run anymore.  2) My chain is rusty.  I've been running (if you can call it that) for a few weeks with no bad reaction from my knee at all, so I thought tonight I would give cycling a go.  On closer inspection my chain wasn't too bad (though I probably should replace it), so I braved it.  Because I haven't cycled in a while and I was worried that either my knee or my chain would break, I didn't go too far afield, and only did half an hour.  It's not particularly hard work for me, even on the hardest gears, and it's an excellent opportunity to make my left leg work harder (because I would estimate that my left leg is only about 80% as strong as my right leg now).  We shall see how my knee reacts, but I'll probably be cycling more if it's ok.I'm amazed that, even being so lazy as to go out only once a week for the past couple of weeks, I've managed to improve each week.  Today I ran for 7 minutes, walked for 2, ran for 4, walked for 2, and ran for 7.  That's what 7 (2) 4 (2) 7 means in the subject line.  I think that makes more sense than trying to reckon up the fraction each time.  I mean, really.  What was I thinking?  So tonight was eventful.  I didn't mention it in my last post, but last week someone actually  stopped me to ask for directions  while I was running--while there were  other people  around.  I wrote it off to the absurdity that is present in everyday society, but today, as I ran towards an elderly man who was carrying his dog, he asked me, "Are you jogging?"  Of course I am!  Do I look like I'm, for example, fishing?  Could the direction-asker and the elderly man really not tell?  Do I just look like I'm going for a leisurely stroll?  Then, as I was running along on the sidewalk next to the park, a snivelling brat kicked his football at me, hard.  I don't think he appreciated it when I called him a "little prick."  But he was.  I hope he falls out of a tree and breaks his ankle in three places.  I now have comments, so if you feel the need to tell me what a heartless, child-hating bitch I am, please feel free.  I like these new Blogger templates; they're pretty.I know, it was a week.  I am trying.  ("You can say that again, ha ha!")  (Ahh, do you see what I did there?: I used the word "trying" as a verb, and then pretended that someone else implied that it was used as an adjective.  Ahhhh!)  Anyway, so when I went out, I said to myself, "Self, why not just run until you really feel like you have to stop, instead of adhering rigidly to this schedule?"  So I did.  And I ran for 6 minutes.  Now, I wasn't really all that tired after 6 minutes (compared to the last 6 minutes I did, anyway).  It's not my legs that complain, and I don't get cramps in my sides or anything.  The main problem that makes me have to stop is my chest/lungs aching.  I've always been this way and thought it was normal, but  urlLink this page says it's not .  Hmmm.  So I had to walk for 2 minutes until my lungs stopped aching, then I did 4 minutes running again, then 2 minutes walking, then the final 6 minutes running.  If you're thinking that a full 20 minutes of running shouldn't be that hard to achieve, remember that I've been totally,  totally  inactive for a year.I think that running is akin to childbirth in some respects (not that I've ever given birth): while you're doing it, it's painful and terrible and you can't imagine ever doing it again, not in a million years, and you curse the bastard that got you into it in the first place (in running's case, yourself).  But then it's over, and you have a shower, and you sit down to blog about it, and it feels great.  Running, that is.  My analogy ended in the first paragraph.  You weren't still trying to make it work for this one, were you?  Anyway, I didn't do myself any favors by not running for nearly a week.  In case you're curious, a combination of factors including illness, DIY-mania, and heavy rain contributed to my sloth.  Tonight I went out thinking, "Do I really have to bother with the run-walk nonsense?  Can't I just run out for 10 minutes, then run back for 10 minutes?"  The answer is no.  I did the same run as before, and by the end of the second repetition I looked over at my house (which faces the park) and seriously considered running home right then, jumping the fence, and going in the back door.  Then I remembered that my back door was locked (safety first, kids!) and that in order to get home I'd have to go back the way I came, round the corner, and down the road again.  And by the time I thought of all the logistics, my repetition was over.  Later, something funny happened on my 4th repetition: I started running, and suddenly the 3 minutes was over, just like that.  I thought I must have shortchanged myself or read my watch wrong, but no: it just went like a hot knife through butter.  Mmmm, butter.  Ahh, that's the other thing.  I haven't had much food today, which might have contributed to my near crash early in the run.  I tried to eat a toasted bacon and guacamole sandwich for lunch, but someone really needs to tell the ladies in the canteen that guacamole should only be served ice cold.  Hot guacamole is nastified.  Oh well, at least there were pink wafers in the tea room.I haven't just dropped off the face of the earth.  I went on holiday to the US, where it would be almost rude to exercise.  I'm back now, and as soon as I'm over my jetlag I'll be back in the saddle/running shoes.Run Along Now has moved  urlLink over here !  It's a community, so feel free to join if you are also feeling fit.
new file
